How can we deal with snake wounds according to the passage ? Stay calm n't move .	'Cut the wound and suck the poison out .'
During a fire children often panic	'know certain steps'
We feel unhappy when    fight classmates	'we get good grades'
How will scientists deal with the high temperatures ? By observing phenomenon closely .	'By setting a new trend soon .'
Most people come to the Loomis Eggplant Festival to enjoy food eggplants	'promote eggplant'
According to some researchers , if parents praise their children too much , their children will always look praise	'increase self - confidence'
Why does Murbach take his job seriously ? Because wants everyone happy choice .	"""Because he wishes to attract people 's attention to himself ."""
"People from North West greet each other by saying "" reeit """	"'"" hou \'s it gaun ""'"
At first the young man refused to clean his shoes , because n't think necessary	'he had just cleaned his shoes'
"By saying "" Remember to stop and smell the roses "" , the author intends to find beauty life"	'notice the world around'
Where does Ted live ! He lives big city .	'He lives in a school .'
Miss Gogers raised this question because she wanted to know whether students grasped lesson .	'it was easy to phone to Los Angeles'
Which park is most suitable for a child with disabilities ? Challenge Grove Park .	'Boundary Creek Natural Resource Area .'
Which of the follwing explanations for the two sinkings will be accepted by psychologists ? Human survival significant individuals .	'Social status will play a decisive role in survival .'
Ruth Mckenney started her newspaper work university student	'when she worked inNew York City'
According to the author , the chief consequence brought about by the wide application of air - conditioning is reduction social communications neighborhood life	'the loss of human capacity to adapt to changes in climate'
Why did the author 's father volunteer at the hospital ? He n't want let lonely .	"""He did n't know he was badly ill ."""
Which feeling is NOT included   in the laughter when the Englishman dropped a plate ? Bad luck !	"""Do n't take it seriously ."""
Playing computer games makes us clever	'makes our studies worse'
When the moon shines , it is during the night	'day'
The writer 's new level of sleep deprivation began since he began teach school	'went 36 hours with no sleep'
The following part might probably describe strangers went way help	'explain why people refused to help strangers'
What is the similarity between Doreen Sykora and Hitoshi Sakamoto ? They experiences test anxiety .	'They are students from the same university .'
"Which of the following albums has a song adopted in a movie ? "" Bailamos "" ."	"'"" Enrique Iglesias "" .'"
"Why do people feel""squeezed""when their average income rises considerably ? Their material demands go faster earnings ."	'There is more unemployment in modern society .'
At 9:30 pm , the writer begins to listen play	'send short messages to his friends'
"Who first had the idea of making a book from the story "" Alice Adventures Under Ground "" ? George"	'Charles'
What 's the purpose of Miss International beauty contest ? promote international friendship	'bath in the hot spring'
What is the best title for the text ? A Picture Smiling Horse	'A Wonderful Picture'
The passage is mainly about    changes fashions	'the money in fashion'
Mr. Davis left the author with a very deep impression mainly because he role model teach hearts change minds	'spent much time helping the author with his homework'
What does the author think of franchising ? It control global economy .	'It will bring higher business risk .'
"A "" property "" in Australia is a farm"	'school'
What did the author do when traveling to Myrtle Beach ? Have fun brother .	'Play video games .'
What should students pay attention to when using the library ? Keeping mobile phones silent time .	'Using mobile phones only in the hallways or stairs .'
How will we feel if we let the clerk know the mistake ? We 'll sense honor .	"""We 'll feel sorry for the clerk ."""
Doyle was rather surprised because driver could call name	'the driver had seen him before'
The best title for this text would be Pets Join Workforce	'Pets Help Attract Customers'
What did Wendy and Peter teach Stoopy ? To help pick litter .	'To empty litter cans .'
When should you apply for a visa ? The moment accepted school US .	'After the immigration officer permit you to enter the US .'
What is the reason that people ca n't sit under the tree like Newton ? A willow barrier put around tree .	'There is something wrong with the apple tree .'
The conductor punched the ticket of the Scots because thought one person inside	'he wanted to show pity on the five poor Scots'
According to a Chinese newspaper , the best way to deal with the dispute is declaring war Japan without moment 's delay	'moving the islands to the mainland of China'
To judge the length of the hair of her clients , Clements mainly depends on sense touch	"""Kathy Braga 's guidance \n :"""
The writer 's mother started working on very Saturday because she wanted buy dress writer wanted	'wanted to buy a new dress for herself'
When you send short messages to a person , you must make sure mean harm	'repeat them later to his face'
"The main purpose of "" Clean & Green Weekend "" is to make city beautiful"	'help students meet old friends'
What did Chris Brown think of Justin Bieber 's singing ? He liked much .	'He supported Justin Bieber .'
The Amazon water lily 's white flowers can change color	'grow long'
"According to the author , "" My husband and I could have been a blanket wall . "" ( Line 6 , Para.1 ) most probably means ""   We existence French woman 's eyes"	"""We used books as a wall to avoid the woman 's eyes"""
Mr. Dyson left the Design Museum because he thought the museum n't loyal original purpose learning	"""did n't have great appeal for serious industrial design"""
Students choose Mathcounts Club in order to successful science careers	'enjoy solving future problems'
What 's the best title of this passage ? The important animal	'A pig and a cow'
In the past , Americans tended to spend time talking day 's experience dinner table	'spend more time eating their food at dinner table'
The young man would n't like to exchange his eyes for money because thought eyes important	"""he did n't like the old man"""
From the passage we know that bus driver n't driving fast	'there are few people on the bus'
Gould and Schipper are going to take part sports event	'set a qualifying time and win gold'
We can know that A Child 's History of the World first used history textbook Calvert School	'was introduced to Calvert School by V. M. Hillyer'
What do students do on the third floor ? They IT lessons .	'They read books .'
Why does the author compare the old lady with his grandmother ? He suggests old lady 's touch comforting .	'He suggests the old lady had very cold hands .'
After it was first staged , Death of a Salesman achieved huge success	'won the first Tony Award'
According to the text , the Colorado Plateau ranges least four states	'is an area without much culture'
To make your classmates feel that they are important to you , you can watch listen carefully	'make use of your celebrity status'
Which sentences about the area around the Salt palace hotel   is   NOT true ? There several roads hotel .	'It was a lake many years ago .'
When she opens her mouth , the fox gets meat	'eats the baby crows'
From the passage we can learn that sharing special skills help develop friendship	'exchanging flats is popular in China'
The driver knew the writer 's name because front suitcase	'Doyle told the driver himself'
Mr. Walker asks his students to listen to music to reduce bad behavior	'punish them for their bad behavior'
When does a dog start to eat soft food ? When 's one month old .	"""When it 's 2 weeks old ."""
The writer went into another room to get natural recording friends ' conversation	'bring a telephone into the front room'
According to a survey , Yu Qinfang found that primary school pupils dislike forced things	'like drawing cartoons in class'
If they realized that he was not a heating engineer he would have to      . pay park car garage	'park his car in a Government car park'
Why does the author mention 007 's money belt ? To persuade tourists show others keep money .	'To persuade tourists to hide money in their belt .'
In the study , many dogs barked , jumped and scratched because left alone	"""they could n't find the bowl with food in it"""
What do n't you need in this experiment ? Water .	'Bottles .'
What is the passage mainly about ? An app reporting emergency .	'A moving story of Chris Russo .'
In the opinion of Barber , Nick set good example disabled kids	'proved a real hero to other heroes'
Children may learn the rules of language by repeating experiments	'exploring the physical world'
According to the passage , you are advised to set higher life goal	'open your heart to others'
How can one find a study partner on Livemocha ? He select suitable people email .	'He should deliver his written essays to the website .'
The so - called BRICS nations do not include New Zealand	'South Africa'
Pictures of animals were painted on the walls of caves in France and Spain because pictures thought helpful	'the hunters wanted to see the pictures'
In the experiment , lessons were given night time	'while the student was awake'
What did Kevin usually do in the afternoon when he was 18 ? He studied school .	'He worked in a restaurant .'
If Sen. McCain won the election , What would Palin do ? She would vice president - elect United States .	"""She would be the campaign manager of Sen. McCain 's ."""
Follow Your Heart is a book	'dream'
Lorenzo Bertolla is brand name clothes	'an advertising agency'
The book released by the Ministry of Education in Singapore is about teaching methods	'model math teachers'
According to Dr. Tom Heffernan , the findings would contribute fighting smoking	'would be used in real world memory test'
To attend the special four - week mini - session , you 'll have to old enough class	'prove that you can act'
The tiger wants to find food	'a duck'
Why did fake friends industry come into being in Japan ? Because social economic changes	'Because of normal social life'
What does the author 's wife expect him to do ? To exercise gym	'To read more inspiring quotes'
Josh Duhamel led the beach run to help the Red Cross raise money places suffering disasters	'raise money for people suffering from diseases'
Henry Ford 's statement can be taken negatively because conflicting relationship big corporations labor	'working people are discouraged to fight for their fights'
In school the pupils ca n't learn a foreign language well because much time	'they have no good memories'
The writer believed that if you wanted to get to know a strange city get lost	'you should ask people the way'
His boss told him to go away and find another job because late work	'there was blood on his shirt'
Which of the following is NOT true about parents who home school ? They must receive special curriculums university .	'They have to be able to know lesson plans and resources .'
Why do children hang a school bag and a national flag at the gate ? Because pass exam .	'Because they love the country .'
What happened to the people who lived in Willits from 1964 - 1995 ? They greater chance severe disease .	'employees from local area all got sick and lost their jobs at the plant .'
Why did the author buy something for the one - legged man ? Because author pity man .	'Because the man was looking for some food .'
when did Lisa become conscious again ? back platform .	'after the police and fire officials came .'
The author mentions her daughter to show teenagers ' constant connection cell phones	'he importance of cell phones'
Where will this passage most probably be found ? In booklet gallery .	'In a picture album .'
What does the author think of 4 G service ? It provides good service higher price .	'Its service is worth the price .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Six Environmental Activists Win Goldman Prize	'The Goldman Environmental Foundation Prize'
"Which of the following can best complete the son 's words "" Dad , you do n't have to ... "" ? explain"	'tell Mother'
Mr. Yang punches a hole in his new belt , because remind eat much	"""he does n't like his new belt"""
One of the things that make Fiji a tourist attraction is good weather year round	"""it 's comfortable hotels"""
Why do animals hide ? Because want protect .	'Because they like to play hide - and - seek .'
When guests ask for something strange , the manager of a good hotel would think meet needs	'what problems the hotels has'
The writer reads books borrowed from the library faster than the books he bought because books bought due date	'he has more time to read them'
Sark on Channel Islands would most probably attract those who want enjoy quiet holiday	'want to visit a city with a long history'
"What 's the passage mainly about ? Helping us enlarge knowledge word "" Dutch "" ."	"'Showing that "" Dutch "" means differently between the British and the American .'"
We can learn from the text that the course offers cooking classes well	'has a short game between classes'
Faced with a very unfavorable market situation , the author decided improve service	'to withdraw his money'
By talking about her academic achievements , Michelle wanted to warn 's enough study well	'show off her great success in college'
The purpose of the divers ' journey to the deepest point on the earth was to find water currents , life great depths	'if the telephone works well in the great depths'
"The words "" something very special "" refer to ability make difference"	'our own starfish in hand'
Roskilde Festival is a festival Danas enjoy	'which is only held in the center of a city'
The author mentions lipoprotein lipase mainly to prove sitting long bad body	"""tell us that it is n't produced while we are sitting"""
According to the research in the passage , British people tend to live work far away born grew	'live near their own homes'
From the passage , we know that the writer 's grandmother    ca n't see well	'has long hair'
What does the World Health Organization think of processed meats ? They 're likely cause cancer .	"""They 're a kind of organic food ."""
What has the writer learned from this experience ? Accumulation small steps may lead something magnificent	'People can change the world where they live by growing flowers'
Mr. Parker went to the military camp to find matter letter true	'look for the soldier who wrote to him'
One of their neighbors sent an email to the author 's brother to show appreciation	'ask for help'
Which of the following states had the fastest growth rate of mixed - race population ? North Carolina .	'South Dakota .'
What 's the title of the passage ? The Patterns Classroom	'The Pictures of the Wall'
What is the major problem of most people managing time ? Most people keep balance managing time .	'Most people do not take time to relax themselves .'
Why is David so different from other young people of his age ? He earns extremely high payment	'He has got a job .'
Which of the following is True ? Tim 's mom watch ball games club .	'Linda can learn English in the club .'
The most suitable title for the passage is Texting While Walking ? No Way !	'A New Danger : Texting While Walking'
"What can you get from the web site "" www.english-zone.com "" ? Some jokes ."	'Many web sites to learn English .'
The difference between gray squirrels and red squirrels mainly lies in place store walnuts	'the way they gather the walnut'
People read newspaper to learn whatever want	'learn about the most important news'
Why are people willing to spend money during Christmas ? Goods much cheaper period time .	'Businessmen like Christmas .'
Why did Lone shout at the man at the beginning of the story ? To prevent flowers ruined .	'To keep the boy from being wounded .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Multi - tasking single - tasking	"'"" reason "" brain or "" creative "" brain'"
What did the writer first do when he saw the alien ? He thought alien .	"""He knew it was a dream and was n't afraid ."""
According to the passage , which of the following is the best plan ? I go walk supper working days .	'I want to be the champion of the marathon .'
By writing the article , the writer hopes to encourage people offer help	'look for another volunteer job'
We can learn from the passage the COSMEO aims help kids make rapid progress studies .	'assures parents they can teach their kids at home'
At the library , you can read magazines	'watch the videos'
The text is mainly about kids '     using electronic devices	'cell phone use'
According to the writer , highly skilled workers     unable produce fine goods speed machines	'were unable to produce goods of high standard'
What is the purpose of the text ? To introduce new model farming .	"""To explain the world 's food problem ."""
Why did the creators of BigThink.com start interviewing famous people ? To attract people 's attention website .	'To gain their trust for the website .'
We can infer that the man tried share cookies woman .	'might have returned the bag of cookies secretly .'
The poor man held his bread over the soup to make smell taste little better	'avoid paying the restaurant owner'
Caterpillars that evolved more recently warn strangers by making scraping sounds	'walking around the leaves they own'
From the passage we can learn that the author was prisoner	'the owner of the cat'
What 's the probable title according to the passage ? Where Test Stress Comes	'Pressure from Parents and Teachers'
Why does Grandma ask the author to go to the tomato garden with her ? She enjoys staying working .	'He can help pick more tomatoes .'
Why did the audiences stand up cheer when Zhu Zhiwen sang the song ? Because voice rich powerful .	'Because he wore a dark green coat .'
"According to the text , May 's song "" Beautiful Seed "" expresses people able change world ."	"""compares people 's dreams to seeds ."""
What is the passage mainly about ? The invention Internet browser .	'The man who created the World Wide Web .'
Where would you find a famous singer 's shoes ? Room 1 .	'The Footwear Library .'
Why was Jerry shot ? Because n't open safe time .	'Because he left the back door open .'
The food is called brains because looks like brains	"""Fu 's mother liked the name"""
What does the author say about the national data on UK universities ' performance in commercialization ? It reflect differences among universities .	'It does not rank UK universities in a scientific way .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? The Less Diligent American Children	'The School Education in America'
The best title for this passage may be Becoming An Adult	'It Is No Good Becoming An Adult'
What did the truck hit ? A big tree	'An old man'
If you are interested in personal life stories , then you can choose the book A Stolen Life	'The Jungle Book'
Why are the students afraid of exams ? Because afraid failing .	'Because exams are usually hard .'
A proper way to release a fish is to move water till swim	'take the hook out of its stomach'
Which of the following is right ? The telephone number Chinese doctor 137629390 .	'The shopping center is at No.6 Longway Street .'
The easiest way of making payment mentioned in the passage is online payment system	'by paying the delivery man directly'
This Friday afternoon , the author mood help others	'had trouble parking her car'
According to the passage , what drink sells best in the USA ? Beer	'Bottled water'
"What does the writer suggest with the example of "" your elderly grandmother "" ? We also lend hand people need help ."	'We should never forget to repay people for their help .'
Dr Smith concludes there probably are n't any aliens because other planets n't suitable living environment	'are too far away from the earth'
Carole chose the Cooking Club because She could get food Cooking Club .	'Cooking club was the only activity she could choose .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Blogging , America 's newest profession	'New professions in America'
The writer will never forget his American History professor because he would make class lively interesting	'would always teach the students the American Revolution'
The success of the new TV series is surprising because different successful TV series	'it is the same as other successful TV series'
What is the best title of the passage ? Leak causes panic	'The blind following the blind'
What can we learn about the author 's mother ? She lives traditional way .	'She likes shopping very much .'
At the Mother 's Day party people do n't mention their lost mums only because simply afraid causing sad feelings	"""they do n't love their mums any longer"""
We can learn from the text that many newly married people find hard pay need	'take DIY courses run by the government .'
The text tells of story film	'a love - story about Liz and Stephen'
What can we infer from the passage ? Automatic responses n't always make difference .	'Tears can help people handle arguments more calmly .'
Mrs Allen was neighbour	"""Billy 's mother"""
After a six - month study , some scientists fear that polar bears disappear even faster ever expected	'global warming will destroy everything in the Arctic'
What would be the best title for the text ? Background noise affects taste foods	'How to change plane foods'
"Which of the following about the British is false according to the passage ? They feel tired say "" Thank you"",""Sorry "" "" Excuse . """	'They have good manners when at table .'
Which of the following CAN'T be used to prove the newly found creatures can live in super - salty waters ? Their dead bodies found .	'Some old skins are found in the samples .'
How did the writer know Sarah 's name ? From credit card	"""From her telephone 's phone book"""
What do we know about Dan Errotabere ? He n't content officials water system .	'He plans to cut down the majority of his crops .'
What is NOT mentioned as a part tome job for teens ? Washing cars	'Watering flowers'
From the passage we can learn that the writer 's mother was strict children	'very mean with money matters'
What would Alexis do when her father said her bedtime stories went a different way ? She would correct .	'She would try to recite it .'
What is the main concern of students when they choose a major ? Their chances getting good job .	'The quality of education to receive .'
Obama said that he was inspired by majesty Great Wall	'the warmth of the Chinese people'
Where does this text probably come from ? A tourist guide .	'A museum handbook .'
Which of the following can be the proper title of the passage ? Forgiveness   Gratitude	'Sand and Stone'
Which is the best title ? Traffic England	'Traffic lights in England'
We can infer from the text that in the U.S. different states may different laws	'people have to renew their licenses in their home states'
If Gregory lose hus iphone , he     pay new one	'must learn to live without a phone'
When a fire is burning , you test the door to     find better way	'notice the fire clearly'
What do Wang Boxuan and his schoolmates do with the waste exercise books ? Store sell .	'Give them to the students in Inner Mongolia .'
The participants of a Web conference must access Internet .	'will be e - mailed an invitation before the conference .'
The student walked past the restaurant time lunch	'when the policeman came to the restaurant'
What do you need to do to store your items ? Put containers .	'Pay PS12.5 per week for each box .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Educate become millionaire	"""Do n't avoid investing"""
This story is mainly about woman Alaska	'different people with different colors of skin'
What makes a sore throat feel better ? Something inside lemons .	'The medicine aspirin .'
The variation in people 's preference towards risks is directly regulated by dopamine	'light sensitive proteins'
You can buy tickets for performances at the Boston Opera House in all the following ways EXCEPT e - mail	'at the box office'
We can infer from the passage that parents great influence two brothers	'their parents died soon after they settled in India'
When she heard that Otwell was hit by a tornado , Kathryn Martin wanted something people	'was afraid that a tornado would strike her home'
What 's the author 's purpose of writing the passage ? He intends call people exercise .	'He wants people to know the importance of exercise for the disabled .'
Your parents probably wo n't consider your ideas if you     n't speak politely	"""do n't get to them often"""
' Their own language ' means Chinese	'English'
What is the topic of the passage ? Craig 's life .	"""Craig 's working place ."""
The best title for this passage is The Right Die	'Life Is Better Than Death'
How can Teotronica interact with humans ? By using eyes .	'By playing music and singing .'
The passage is mainly about popularity Facebook students	"""student 's idea about Facebook"""
According to the writer , Christopher does n't give up looking into the murder because encouraged Sherlock Holmes	'he wants to get over his disabilities'
What was the turning point of the story ? The author told truth Theresa .	'Janelle became a friend of Theresa .'
Michael was anxious to get pair shoes	'look at the shoes that fitted him well'
Which of the following should be avoided when taking selfies ? A busy background .	'The use of natural light .'
The writer advises teenagers turn sound	'to report the change in hearing loss'
What does the last sentence of the passage mean ? They could enjoy free relaxing travel .	'They needed the clock to tell the time .'
What can we infer from this passage ? The author allow son freedom choose future life .	'The author will take vacation pictures of different kind from her past ones .'
"What is wrong with the expression "" couch potato "" according to the farmers in this passage ? It connected unfavorable meaning ."	'Potato should be used in the expression .'
Which item is the cheapest and most relaxed to spend your leisure time ? Big - bowl - tea	'Chinese ink & water painting class'
Why is mountaineering not a game ? Because man - made rules .	'Because so few people go in for this sport .'
The writer took his watch to the first watchmaker in order to set exact time	'check    it whether it kept good time'
"Who is "" I "" in the poem ? An apple tree ."	'An apple .'
What did the science professors learn after the experiment ? They change way teach	'A poetry class could be more informative .'
Allan Green wants Jane to go running every day	'stop playing volleyball'
What 's the main problem that career women meet while working ? Family life	'The career ladder'
According to Patrick Guenter and Taggart Bowen - Gaddy , organization bad	'Duisburg was suitable for the Love Parade'
After hearing what the mother said , the son n't say anything without eating sleeping two days .	'went to school unwillingly without speaking anything'
Which statement is n't among the reasons why customers are furious ? Everyone call horse lover UK .	'People trusted Tesco so much that they never expected a scandal like this .'
What is the most probable purpose of the new invention ? For safety reasons .	"""To improve people ' s life standard ."""
It is important for us to get rid bad habits beginning	'learn steal and cheat'
Which kind of fish is best for you according to the author ? Baked salmon .	'Fried white fish .'
It can be inferred from the passage that something bad might happened alley	'Rahim Khan spoke ill of the hero'
Why did the author suffer when dining out with a friend ? Because sad last relationship .	'Because her friend only talked about himself .'
Some companies think the celebrities endorsement affect consumers ' purchasing	'is as effective as an endorsement from common people'
Jimmy did n't buy what his mother wanted because forgot	'the shop was closed that day'
What made the author know the truth ? His father 's expression .	"""The box from his dad 's office ."""
How does a student know what the homework assignments are ? The students read list next page	'Pro . Klammer announces them in class'
The elephant orphanage is operated private funds	'located inside Tsavo National Park'
The incident of three - year - old son is described to prove that    working home drawbacks	'working from home is a pleasant experience'
The sky is space sun , moon , earth many stars	'a big ball with air'
In her thirties , Mary Moe must have     spent hard time	'learned how to fly'
Which of the   following is n't the damage to the oceans ? Sea Water quality improved	'The species of fish in the oceans is reducing .'
What can we know about Thompson ? She larger reunion family members Mississippi .	"""She 's lost contact with her family since she left her hometown"""
The little girl ran away from the author because n't know author	'she needed to catch her stroller'
What is special about the rock climbing cmpetition ? You watch without paying .	'The bus trip to the places of the competition is free .'
Tom Brown went to the restaurant dinner	'for his bag'
"The theme of Earth Day this year is ""   Green Cities"	'Green Roofs'
According to the article , we know Gina 's schoolbag desk	"""Gina 's sweater is in the room"""
By speaking of the legends , the writer suggested that the old man 's story would be completely untrue	'old and true'
What did Rashid plan to do after his arrival in Sydney ? Join family	'Find a house'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the last news ? Who first Chinese torchbearer	'When the torch relay will end'
For what purpose did Okoge post photos on the Internet ? To share interesting things people .	'To get more people to visit his Twitter page .'
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Over - generalizing might cause accept .	"""We can tolerate the fact that we 've done things we are n't proud of ."""
Which of the following is true of Steven Swanson ? He moved Japan wife last year .	"""He wanted to stay on to see what ' s next ."""
You 'd better thank your parents for their time and money spent on your musical training because music help improve memories	'you get well after you take music lessons'
The author gave his personal tip based on the fact that worked restaurant	'the price of food is very high'
Which could be the best title   for the passage ? Find Your Hidden   Talent	'Sing in the Bar'
Who does Jack like to play with ? Chinese children	'His Chinese teacher .'
During the process of learning to read , children may copy action adults .	'show no interest in reading at all .'
The volunteers in the study did the following things EXCEPT listening music	'playing computer games'
The author realized his mother 's love when could n't find one day	'he graduated from senior high school'
The passage says that customers wo n't believe the services are good until treated well	'the business chase after their money'
According to the Q&A , Host 's colleagues insensitive	"""Host 's sister - in - law was on fertility pills"""
The writer is looking forward to some real software agents so as to help find correct information needed	'communicate with some like - minded people'
The author used the examples of Shakespeare , Charles Dickens and Van Gogh to prove great masters often acknowledged alive	'truly beautiful works of art are never understood when first created'
What are you encouraged to do if you are going to visit Seattle ? Try tomato bruschetta Pink Door .	'Enjoy the sculptures in Pike Place Market .'
It is better for Non - European Union students to take part in the programme because     offers opportunities know European culture	'they can save the cost of accommodation while they are studying'
It 's impolite ask price certain thing	"'to say "" thank you "" to hosts'"
What did Polly think of Jim ? He lovely boy beautiful smile always loved others .	'He seldom expressed his love for his parents .'
Why did the Greens have to be ready before eleven o'clock ? Because must arrive airport 11:40 .	"""Because they did n't go to the airport ."""
Chinese people prefer to show love by something helpful ;	"'saying "" I love you ""'"
What does the teacher think is the most important ? The big stones .	'The small stones .'
Some people do n't jog , but they do n't get fat because work hard	'they are doctors'
"The words "" Putney "" and "" Mertlake "" are names places"	'names of boat races'
What do you think the writer may say to himself when he meets something unhappy ? Well , I know meant . Take easy .	"""Why is it all against my plan ? It ca n't be so bad ."""
In what way are Model No . 1530 and Model No . MSM-12LL1 similar to each other ? They soft safe	'They are for children aged over 1'
Which of the following statements about the second parent is TRUE ? He/ She n't think chocolaty tastes bad .	"""He/ She does n't think five minutes is enough"""
The author left the store angrily because clerk n't treat kindly	"""the clerk did n't speak English"""
If people want to know about what a traditional family is like , they can choose ABC Family	'Fox Family'
Connie Pratt soon became a famous actress after acting leading part famous actor time	'successfully matching the most famous actors'
If you do n't like what someone is doing , what can you say ? Would mind stopping car ?	"""Do n't stop your car here ."""
Anne Harper considers that women should really liberated	'get better jobs than men'
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? A bodybuilding instructor speak 4 foreign languages .	'A Beijinger has rich experience in human resource management .'
The passage probably comes from a(n ) film review	'film poster'
What 's the best title for this passage ? Homemade CPUs Way Local Supercomputers	'The Arrival of Chinese Supercomputers'
.Which of the following is right ? Mike Tom grade .	'Mike and Tom are in the same class .'
Former President Cater is being spied because    holds political views regional conflicts differ Obama 's	'he knows so much secret information about President Obama'
The huge number of celebrity - focused publications reveals that people like discussing people 's lives	'celebrities are rather disturbed by rumors .'
Which of the following is TRUE of Proserpina ? She Ceres ' daughter	'she was an April Fool'
From the passage we know that community theatres can prevent young people getting trouble	'help young people enter the colleges'
How was the American woman ? She heavy .	"""The machine did n't like her ."""
We can infer that passage taken local newspaper	'warm - hearted people like to give away money'
what can be learned about the study between 2005~2008 from the passage ? Most women allowed child watch TV .	'The TV was on for about three hours .'
Mr. and Mrs. Green went to the country spend holiday	'to see the old man'
Which of the following activities may be free for Tom aged 16 ? MAZE .	"""NEW YEAR 'S LAUGHS ."""
Critical thinking can best be described as way increase people 's ability understand	'a process to make people more critical of others'
According to the passage , Yao Ming wants to encourage young people care environment	'train more young people to become players of NBA'
He finds his car waiting one yellow car	'by trying his key in every car'
The author mainly wants to tell us close valuable friendship	'how to work part - time effectively'
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Muslims make small part Sudan 's population .	'The northern area of Sudan was once controlled by foreigners .'
Where did the interviews most probably take place ? In Washington .	'In schools .'
An American can probably say give girlfriend ring get married	'you should wash your hands before dinner'
What is the best title of the passage ? Bidding heart	'A wise lamb'
The side effects of psychotropic drugs in children are unknown because 's improper test drugs children	'only a few children take these drugs'
DeLuca opened the first sandwich shop in order to pay college education	'help his partner expand business'
In this passage we know if students do n't get enough sleep , they may    work well class	'become too weak to sleep'
You 're better at sending than receiving Telepathy if you receive friend 's call wish	'dream of a friend dreaming of you'
Who spent the first Spring Festival in China , Sam or Mr Li ? Sam .	'Mr Li .'
What 's the best title of the story ? A strong - minded girl - Li Qinmei	"""Li Qinmei 's successful study life"""
In the same culture , people different ability understand express feelings	'people never fail to understand each other'
The writer 's purpose of writing the passage is to prove show love really makes difference	'suggest love never dies'
Genetically modified food is different from space vegetables because it genetically changed	'is grown in space'
What should parents do to help their children to succeed according to Kristin Schubert ? Teach cooperate others .	'Teach them some basic living skills .'
Which of the following is NOT the result of oceans absorbing heat and carbon dioxide ? It makes atmosphere hotter .	"""It regulates the Earth 's climate ."""
Why is it difficult to find a wild bees ' nest ? It 's hidden trees .	"""It 's covered with wax ."""
"In the "" whisper test "" , the students had to take turns receive test"	'cover both ears when tested'
The farmer asked the vet for help when his cow     ill	"""did n't eat the pills"""
The text is written to offer information visiting museum	'attract more readers to visit London'
What ' s the best title of the passage ? Local Burger Shop Has Record Year .	'Fred Laster and Jasper Watts .'
What 's the best title for the passage ? My ideal school .	'My school .'
When the author was informed she was in the volunteer adventure ,    n't think much	'she hoped to learn more about Kenya'
The passage is mainly about Chinese two - child policy	'Chinese one - child policy'
From the passage we can infer that writer wo n't pull pranks	"""the writer 's mom did n't care much about him"""
What do we know about lichens according to the passage ? They look similar environment around .	'There are more lichens than plants on Earth .'
If the government wants to ban smoking in public places , punish ignore rules	'let people know more about the dangers of smoking'
In the course of his four voyages , Columbus succeeded in visiting several parts Central South America	'finding China and the Spice Islands'
The time of the recognition span can be affected by the following facts except length group words	"""one 's purpose in reading"""
Which of the following is more environmentally - friendly ? Any materials coloured using natural dyes .	'Materials soft and looking fantastic .'
From the passage , we know that The great noise made cat	'The City mouse lives a rich and happy life'
What 's the hardest part of life for astronauts in space ? They feel lonely .	'They have to stay alone in space .'
Jason jumped off the sofa because allowed go skateboarding	'he was given a board and a helmet'
What does the author mainly talk about ? Her new feelings present life .	"""Her family 's struggle for a better life ."""
Wi - Fi is not available in cities without hotspot	'a cell phone'
Most parents think it is important to know children online	'how often they go online'
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT mentioned ? The person called firefighters .	'The relationship between Seals and Garcia .'
From the story of Wang Lina we can learn that    university graduates also realize value rural areas	'Wang had great difficulty in helping villagers planting organic strawberries'
How did the author get rid of the man ? Her great - grandmother 's words gave strength defend .	'Her loud scream scared the attacker and people came to help .'
Why did n't the two mice escape immediately ? One trying help escape together .	'One was trying to bite the tail of the other .'
What will most British people think of the new reform according to William Hague ? They since 's unfair employed unemployed .	"""They do n't care as there 're a few unemployed people having welfare benefit ."""
Why did Yang Yi join the environmental protection association ? She wanted protect nature animals .	'She intended to know about animal welfare .'
The best title for his passage might be The adventure bottom ocean	'The ocean floor is soft and dusty'
According to the passage , one of the disadvantages of digital textbooks is that ca n't used computer offline	"""reading online does harm to the students ' eyes"""
"Who wrote the "" black and white "" textbooks for the children ? Dawa another two teachers"	'The teachers in the special school'
What is the first thing to do if you want to enjoy your walking to school ? Plan safe route children .	'Choose the safest places to cross the road .'
According to the passage , at some of the leading American universities research still ranks teaching	'teaching is a sure way to gain position'
What is the key to any apology ? A promise wo n't repeat wrongdoings .	'Giving the recipient a detailed account of the event .'
What caused the author to write the letter ? Reports sending soldiers Afghanistan .	'His relatives being killed in the war .'
The paint used on cars can help protect cars minor paint damage	'reduce car scrape incidents to 20 percent'
Principal Jane Hsu wrote the letter to the parents to give reason decision school	'analyze the test results of the students'
Blue light prevents iPad users from sleeping well because help decrease production melatonin	'it is brighter than light that is more orange or red'
What problem is Italy facing ? People power illegal dishonest things .	"""The government officials ' attitude is old - fashioned ."""
What contributes to fresh air in US subways ? The train 's movement .	'Air conditioners on the trains .'
Which of the following is implied by the author ? Footraces appeal variety people .	'Entering a race is a way to make friends .'
The writer mainly wants to tell us that . sharing important keeping things oneself	'skills are needed to inspire people to share with others'
What is the passage mainly about ? Radio .	'Television .'
The passage mainly tells us difficult situation hipsters	'the culture of hipsters'
Nowadays , people look after their health by exercise	'playing ping - pong'
Mother got up at 6 a. m. every day , because work white man ' house	'she had to go to see a special baby doctor'
According to the passage , your advantage in weather forecast is that observe sky get data directly	'you can track weather patterns as they move from west to east across the country'
.The strange thing about wetas is that they can produce pleasant sounds by rubbing body parts	'hopping up to two feel at a time'
The author is most probably sports reporter	"""Lloyd Carr 's assistant"""
What is true about the mother and son in the passage ? There much communication .	'They preferred talking to each other on cell phones .'
Why are there many people waiting in some Sichuan food restaurants ? Because restaurants famous food .	'Because the food there is very cheap'
On April Fools'Day , what may some people try to do ? They may think ways pull legs .	'They will nose around all the time .'
What could be the best title for the news ? Sustainable Development	'Economic Development'
When some animals are on the solar road , what will the road do ? Remind drivers drive slowly .	'Frighten them away from the road .'
Why did the author get impatient while driving ? He slowed truck .	'He came across too many traffic lights .'
The author began to love books for the following reasons EXCEPT that realized books offered new experience	'he could go back to read the books again'
What 's the e - school like ? It 's big usual book .	"""It 's not as small as a usual book ."""
Booker T. Washington did n't go to school early in life because work coal miner	'there were no schools for slave in America'
Ibrahim 's education was interrupted because of his lack tuition	"""parents ' doubts"""
Upon arriving at the classroom , the author was cheered up by warm welcome	"""Dorothy 's latest projects"""
The students Musa teaches at Chunmiao Primary School are children workers outside Wuhan	'children from different foreign countries'
Toothed whales look for food under the sea by sending receiving sounds	'watching the shape and size of their objects'
How did Andy avoid the bees in the end ? He hid water .	'He rushed into the Nelson house .'
If we want to relax our muscles , we should choose light music	'some exciting songs'
The math teacher helped her students review for a week because wanted pass math test .	'she wanted her students to study hard .'
"From the passage , we can learn that the first members of "" China town "" were early Chinese sailors"	'visitors to London'
What can we learn from Sara K.Gould 's words ? It also acceptable boys girls supposed .	'Boys are sometimes more careful and responsible than girls .'
Which of the following can be the missing heading ? What pointless question	'Think about it'
When we reached the inn - like hut exhausted ask anything	'someone served alcohol and hot chocolate at once'
My friend climbed into the room because n't found key	'the living room window was left open'
According to the writer , we live in a society where perfect highly valued	'selfie leads to success'
People like to drink water for sports because calories	"""it 's popular"""
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? How old mother placed convalescent home .	'Why the writer placed his mother in a convalescent home .'
The fairy gave him a gold axe and a silver axe but he did n't take them , because he knew axes	'did not know they were made of gold and silver'
Who is tidy ? Kate .	'Gina and Kate .'
At the end of the book , Marcus Yallow becomes aware serious issues society	'plays a popular online game in real life'
The custom of eating with a fork was brought Europe Constantinople	'begun when forks first invented'
Which is the best title ? The City Mouse Country Mouse	'The Country and they City'
Mr . Palin thinks children take part geography field trips	'has organized some field trips for school children'
This experience with his baby helped the father know better new generation	'to change his opinions towards TV'
What was it that made the author upset ? Making decision offering help easily .	'Leaving the young man alone in the desert .'
What does the Dutch government do about teenagers cycling ? It makes cycling covered school education .	'It will watch over teenagers who ride bikes .'
The activities in Summer Adventure Days are divided according to children 's age	'the type of sea animals'
Back on My Feet aims to help people build better future	'the homeless remain healthy'
""" Their own language "" means Chinese"	'English'
According to the author , recent Olympic Games have hardly showed international friendship	'made only false national pride'
What is the focus of the Mid - Autumn Festival in Vietnam ? Children education .	'Parents having more time with their children .'
Which of the following may be the best title for this passage ? A Goodbye Kiss	'The Smell of the Ocean'
What is the money used for ? Planting trees grass .	'Helping poor students .'
From what Tom said , we can draw the conclusion   that He would go stealing set free .	"""He was n't planning to steal from a bank"""
If you want to have a visit to the Grand Canyon , you 'd better go to South Rim	'the North Rim'
The watch went faster than it used to be repaired	'during the time when it was being repaired'
Consuming nations of natural gas need to long - term policies gas supply	'build pretty facilities along the coast'
Who remembered the greatest numbers according to the passage ? Mr. Goto .	'Mr. Tomoyori .'
What 's the writer 's purpose in writing this passage ? To tell us lost weight .	'To advertise Weight Watchers .'
According to Dick Connolly , caddying experience in your youth teaches lot business life	'makes it possible to meet with great people'
Which of the following views may the writer agree to ? A good friendship useful medicine	'It needs many efforts to build relationships'
The purpose of the passage is to show special way find job	"""tell you it 's not easy to find a good job"""
Which language is easy to learn ? The mother language	'English'
What is the purpose of this article ? To present fact .	'To tell a story .'
From the text we know signal mobile phone	"""the gas of the author 's car ran out"""
The girl was shocked because dead rabbit cleaned put back cage	'the rabbit was asleep in the cage'
According to Thacher 's study , around 4 o'clock in the morning is a time when one ca n't learn efficiently	"""one 's brain falls into a period of deep sleep"""
According to the passage , our meat eating habits are a question of . protecting planet	'killing the animals'
The writer was nervous about the race because she worried n't ready	'run slower than anyone else'
When lost in the mountains , you can increase your chances of survival if you take space blanket	'try to find a car immediately'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Prince Charles Pledges Greener Royal Lifestyle	'Prince Charles and His Concern For Environment'
What do the kid heroes have in common ? They involve green activities .	'They all raise money for green activities .'
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Studies Antarctica	'Antarctica -- Best Place for Scientific Research'
Which statement shows that Sagorin 's parents supported her decision ? They helped get information India .	'They were a little worried about her safety in India .'
Which of the following is true of Dr Barabasi 's research ? It calculated citations physicists ' institutions .	'It proved that a post at an elite university helps academics .'
If you are interested in protecting the environment , you will probably go to Brazil	'Costa Rica'
I like dolphins best because interesting , clever friendly	'they catch and eat small animals'
Although a new manager , Cynthia would do her job well in keeping quality employees because she personal experience	'had mastered all the courses for the manager'
The bear let some flies on his paws in order to get fish	'give the old man some fish'
One of the characteristics of Van Gogh 's paintings is special strokes made	'the short time for him to complete a painting'
Why Inner Mongolian think the age 12 is important ? Because means child becomes teenager .	"""Because it 's the first big step in their life and they can depend on themselves ."""
What does the author think about Dr King ? He wrong idea .	'He sets a timetable for mothers'
The writer 's father asked her pay attention points true .	'to pay attention only to the points that were not true about her .'
What does the text mainly tell us ? Greetings help individual connected society .	'Greetings convey different meanings to different people .'
What would be the best title for the text ? Be Grateful Every Day	'Kinds of Life'
What do we know about Americans ? Many obesityrelated illnesses .	'They all enjoy junk food .'
The author brings in the topic by giving negative examples	'explaining what friends are'
What would be the best title for the passage ? One rupee change	'Take a rickshaw'
The passage is intended for parents	'teens'
Mrs Weston went to see her doctor long time trouble began	'when John asked what was wrong with her'
When Kevin got his haircut , the author used to manage whole thing	'talk happily with her son'
What did the doctor ask the young man to do ? To count numbers lying bed .	'To count numbers before he went to bed .'
The author became a nutrition consultant mainly because wanted study recipes grandmother given	'his father often talked with him about dietary theories'
What is the best title for this passage ? Two extremes life	"""Memories of summer 's hot days"""
When his nephew came to the hotel , Mr . White hid kitchen	'went to pick up a telegram'
Which is Not true ? MiMi ca n't sing dance .	'MiMi feels shy in front of his friends .'
When Scrooge woke up the next morning , he felt lucky alive	'was angry with the Spirit'
Some restaurants allow diners to text a server from a table to improve service	'stop talks between diners and servers'
My grandfather does not like to receive    students ' careless work	"""the work that the boys ca n't do"""
Why does Steger NOT know what they will see during their trip ? Because geography changed due warmer temperatures .	'Because the sea ice in that region should still be frozen .'
Why did the author argue with Mr Miller ? Because Mr Miller would n't pay work .	'Because Mr Miller had no time for him .'
The device works by pulling pollutants ground electromagnetic field	'creating clean air and let it out into the sky'
Why did Jan buy the beautiful skirt but did n't wear it ? She waited special occasion wear .	'She would give it to herself as a gift some day .'
How did Brian McGarry find his self - built passive house ? comfortable live	'Energy - consuming'
What did he do then ? He called police .	'He closed the door of his car .'
The old man was shocked at what the author did probably because often treated rude way people	'he knew he had given the author the most rewarding look'
What 's Lone 's first reaction when she got close to the men ? She pulled boy .	"""She was shocked at the boy 's wounds ."""
The writer writes the passage in order to praise objects ordinary reliable	'advertise rubber boots'
What can we learn about Stray Rescue ? It aims rescue stray dogs .	'It has adopted as many as 200 dogs .'
Which of the following is not true according to the passage ? Ivan bad - tempered gorilla .	"""Ruby 's arrival changes Ivan 's life ."""
Which of the following is true about Baglio Montana ? It history three hundred years .	"""Its rooms are covered with the family ' s photos ."""
The San Francisco Opera employs students in order to reduce cost	'attract young people'
What did the man do with the broken pot ? He used water flowers .	'He planted some flowers in it .'
"What does "" sibling "" ( para 4 ) mean in the passage ? brother sister"	'parent'
Which would be a brick and click company ? A bookseller five stores Internet site .	'A clothing company with no website .'
What is BolognaFiere responsible for ? Returning illustrator 's works .	'Late arrival of artwork .'
"Marc Hamilton said "" Every rock we turn over when it comes to sitting is astonishing "" to show that result study sitting long shocking"	'sitting on a rock is necessary'
Which is the best title of passage ? How Measure Quality Food	'Calories in Foods'
Which of the following statements is WRONG ? Try form opinion new culture soon possible .	'It is natural to feel overwhelmed sometimes .'
What was the most difficult part of filming the documentary ? Finding right subjects .	'Creating the good effects .'
The short passage is mainly about . life Maria Montessori	'the education of backward students'
At first , the owner thought that Tom wanted sell trousers	'wanted to buy the trousers'
If you did not get along with your former employer , you speak ill	'should tell a lie to the interviewer'
Why did China take actions quickly to evacuate the Chinese in Libya ? To protect dangerous situation .	'To bring them back to China to construct more buildings .'
Which restaurant serves both breakfast and lunch ? Absolute Baking & Cafe .	"""Steve 's Pizza ."""
What message does the speaker want to convey in this story ? Love gives birth love .	'Divorces are very harmful to young children .'
No one really knows what the future will be like because technological development fast	'people live in different countries'
Mr. White comes to see Mr. Smith	'the holes'
The passage is written to introduce novels Peter Pan	"""explain why Peter Pan ca n't grow old"""
An even worse consequence of medical ID theft is difficulty changing wrong medical history	'the widely spread medical information of the victim'
Which of the following ways is a good choice become thin ? Have soup main food .	'Eat rice instead of apples'
Sarah plans to get a new camera , still wants old one repaired	"""so she does n't need her old one"""
Which is the best title of the passage ? Teaching Kindness	'World Kindness Day'
Which of the following is wrong ? Jennifer 's parents Beijing .	'Jennifer likes dolphins best .'
When you are riding your bicycle around , you may find something n't notice	'get off your bike and begin to work'
What 's the author most concerned about ? Strong effects development .	'Changed positions of humans as gods .'
It can be inferred from the text that      . author student meeting brothers	'there are four members in the Jonas Brothers'
Those against the idea of farm scrapers argue that costs much build one	'it uses too much land in cities'
When I was walking in the street , young man said sorry touching bag	'a young man ran by and wanted to brush my bag'
If you visit a friend , you right time	'can be there at any time'
What is the key to overcoming stress according to the passage ? Learning love .	'Facing the stress and dealing with it .'
According to the passage , a friendship can be long only if treat disagreements wisely	"""we know our friends ' mistakes"""
The story wants to tell us secrets hard keep	"""girls do n't like to talk to boys"""
The idea of studying animals ' ability to keep the beat comes from videos dancing birds	"""bird lovers ' discovery"""
In Emily 's opinion , Helen should respect parents	'give her parents money'
n order to save their strength , one pushed swimming changed	'they both swam calmly'
Wisdom teeth should be removed well lined get impacted	'when they break through the gums'
The doctor said when next spring comes , the old woman feel better	'will hurt her left leg'
Why did young Charles become interested in comics ? His father 's love funny pages influenced .	'Cartoons brought him great times and fun'
what can we learn about Doctor Manette ? He experienced much suffering prison .	'Defarge helped him to return to normal .'
A few days later , the boy killed accident	'was angry with his father'
After the twin 's father died , the department store was managed by twins	'Gary'
It can be inferred from the text that father proud son	"""the father took part in all his son 's activities"""
The main purpose of the article is to teach students create friendships	'give students tips on making small talk'
Before joining the book club , husbands and wives often talk about children , money work	'books and writers'
The best title for the passage is Teenagers Adults Together	'Different Ideas About Living'
The example of Einstein is used to encourage students study art music	'provide students with a new way to see the world'
What can NOT be inferred from what Justine Greening and George Osborne said ? HS2 important HS1 .	'Not all British people are happy about the plan .'
The writer uses the old saying at the beginning of the passage to show that many people think highly	'many people can be good at sending non - annoying e - mails'
How is PI - O Indoor Theme Park mainly different from other parks ? It much safer .	'It features more rides .'
Why do most American young people go to college ? Because situation society make go college .	"""Because they ca n't get a job if they do n't go to college ."""
Which of the following is true about Scenic Cafe ? It provides visitors whole view Britain .	'It supplies bottled drinks to Heron Valley .'
What can we learn from the passage ? We rethink good neighbour .	'He saved people through giving them money .'
Which of the following is NOT the root of overweight problem ? Family weight control .	'higher - fat foods .'
Which of the following is NOT a newspaper ? The Bill Rights .	'The Boston News - Letter .'
What 's the good advice the writer gives us ? We asking thinking studying	'We can learn better without teachers'
Where did the Clarkes left their bag ? They left bag big tree .	'They left their bag on the Great Wall .'
After the author made the phone call , failed get check	'they went to New York immediately'
If you join Teen Travel Italy , you will have to be in Italy for at least 14 days	'the whole summer'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a factor    that can affect one 's emotions ? Age .	'Weather .'
Where is Tom from ? United States	"""The Old People 's Home ."""
If your English friend does n't invite you to dinner at home , it means he or she likes	"""does n't like you"""
The author noticed Adrian Charter mostly because Adrian Charter acted faster even young people	'was the oldest in the boxing gym'
"What can we learn about the "" jewel "" development Singapore 's change Airport ? It planned built ."	"""It will be the world 's tallest airport ."""
The United States Conference of Mayors ' Climate Protection Agreement is aimed at reducing air pollution	'reducing energy use'
Why are psychology cafes becoming popular in Paris ? They give people spiritual support .	'They help people realize their dreams .'
What do we know about the old lady ? She lost hearing aid accident .	'It was not difficult for her to get the hearing aid at all .'
In our lives , we should learn from mice	'little people'
Tabor made his first fortune supplying two prospective miners getting return one - third interest findings	'because he was persuaded by the two miners to quit supplying'
This passage is mainly about skills saying	'the cases where ideas are rejected'
Your body needs sleep to    stay strong healthy	'learn a lot about a new place .'
One of the prizes for the couple is use apartment free time	'to have a wedding dress free'
"What does the word""un - friend "" mean in""Someone 's ' un - friended ' me ! "" ? Removing name friend list ."	'Having a quarrel with somebody .'
Which of the follwing is produced in the form of thick liquid ? Miracle Fat Burning Cream .	'Alli Diet Pill .'
"The "" lazier and more inventive""criminal refers to owner pigeons"	'the car thief who stays at home'
Why do people working in KFC know David ? Because often goes .	'Because he often eats chicken hamburgers .'
Louise decided to lend money to the author because knew plan would succeed	'she wanted to join his company'
Real CDs are more expensive because lot money paid singers writers .	'more people are needed to make them'
The party was held Peter 's friends'house	"""at Peter 's house"""
Khan Academy is a learning website that    started American teacher	"""does n't provide free lectures"""
"With the help of the "" shopping Buddy "" , costumers can spend less money time shopping"	'find what they need in less time'
The Grand Canal was in the most glorious time born six hundred years later	'when it was designed as an artificial waterway'
How does Roosegaarde 's device function ? By collecting smog pieces electricity .	'By building a park in a valley .'
Why is Ayers still looking for the nameless woman ? To say thanks .	'To pay her money back .'
What do we know about the writer from the article ? He concerned future .	'He had a busy life as a dropout .'
Jeans became popular among the teenagers because idol liked wearing	'they came out like a new kind of music or dance'
What happens when a couple is divorced , according to the passage ? The man , rather woman , remarries soon .	'Life becomes difficult for the woman and her children .'
Students under 14 in the UK learn cook school	'love to eat junk food'
If you turn on channel 5 on your armrest , what will you enjoy ? Popular music .	'Free - of - charge drinks .'
What did the author feel when he returned to the US ? He would n't enjoy modern life .	'He was rich enough to enjoy the city life .'
Which point of view may the author agree to ? Fear failure removed competition .	'Competition should be encouraged .'
Stopping growing the desert takes lot people	'is not a big problem'
The main purpose of writing the text is instruct people prevent home accidents	'to tell how and why home accidents happen'
Which is the best title for the passage ? College Enrollment Down Economy	'Colleges Have More Students Than Before'
The writer and his brothers and sisters built snowman snow house neighbors ' children	'a snowman and a snow house for themselves to live in'
What might be the best title for the passage ? Whom blame ?	'The PDA incident'
What is the main reason that resulted in the accident ? The author drove rather fast .	'It was an unsafe spot for driving .'
What made Florence make up her mind to become a nurse ? Her desire help sick .	'Her knowledge from reading great books .'
Leslie 's paintings are extraordinary because draw attention common things life	'they look like works by 19th - century painters'
Jimmy ca n't do the shopping well because absent - minded	"""he does n't like shopping"""
The lobsters move certain time	'to the fresh water'
How do the water and minerals join from the soil and air ? . By using sunlight	'By making food'
Why did the author worry about the boy ? He unwilling communicate others	"""He could n't speak English as well as other students"""
What do we know about the yellow car ' s driver ? He lost job felt terrible day .	"""He tried to get the author ' s parking space ."""
The passage is mainly about daydreaming	'sleep dreams'
Which of the following can be used as the best title of the passage ? Pictures Shock Smokers	'The Fight against Smoking'
When you are in England you must remember that traffic goes left	'there are many cars and buses on the road'
In which of the following activities can you enjoy the frightening films ? The Creature Feature	'The Watermelon Olympics'
The president 's home and the city of Washington were planned French	'planed by George Washington'
We can learn from the passage that diet pills may help one lose weight long term	'all models or actors in magazines and on TV have weight problems'
The writer suggests that the third most common blood type among the Europeans is B	'AB'
All of the following statements are true EXCEPT Chatsworth open public Christmas Day .	'Chatsworth is open every day from 2nd April to 21st December .'
When you hear two shouts , two whistles , two gunshots , answer call help	'you can whistle three times'
Which is WRONG about Huang Naihui ? He deeply loved mother .	'He did charity work in his spare time .'
In which magazine will you read this text ? A student magazine .	'A food magazine .'
More than 4,000 adolescents were chosen as the subjects of the study because they free depression	'could afford the time for the long - term survey'
What 's the best title of this passage ? A friendly elephant	'A selfish   elephant'
Before she took the 1.8-km course , the writer never thought running tired	'practiced running every day'
How did the author manage to get high marks ? By listening carefully .	'By reading as many books as possible .'
Which is NOT the Common signs of autism low level intelligence	'a delay in learning how to speak'
Because food plants have done well , fruit vegetables cost less year	'plants will cost less this year'
according to the passage , we can infer that 2010 see second movie Pleasant Goat Big Big Wolf	"'this cartoon is the most successful "" China made""cartoon series'"
Which of the following about Simroid is NOT true according to the text ? She communicate lot dentists .	'She is able to react in a human -like way to mouth pain .'
What can be learned about collectors from their collections ? Who .	'Why they might not mean to collect .'
What do these shows have in common ? They performed Flamingo Las Vegas .	'They are performed every day .'
According to the objectors , the scheme is unfair for firms parking lots	'the staff driving to work in the daytime'
The person will speak English Far Eastern language	'English or any other Far Eastern language'
According to the reading , Cathy 's money was really home	"""in the girl 's hand"""
The purpose of the writing is tell us school like	'to describe the talents and intelligent students'
According to the author ,    makes people unique . dreams	'flying like an eagle'
58.This article is most probably from essay time life	'an argument that time is the most important thing in life'
What does Molly want to do ? To improve grades .	'To concentrate on one subject at a time .'
According to the passage , the fish can keep safe because give kind black liquid	'they can change their colours'
O. Henry was sent to prison because People thought stolen money bank .	'he wanted to write stories about prisoners .'
What is the best title for the passage ? Technology Attitude	'College Management or Communication Advancement'
What might directly cause the loss of the forest according to the text ? The greater need farmland	'The growing demand for energy to make ethanol'
When teenagers make a decision , they should keep calm	'know their parents needs'
Who made the water dirty ? The cow	'The teacher .'
The truth about Vampires may be known because different people different fields weighing	'National Geographic Channel knows the truth'
In describing the uniformity in the U.S.the author does not mention that the American people less income	'buy and eat the same kind of food'
Library Special Needs Service are meant for people living Shellharbour City illness disability	"""those who ca n't get medical help in Shellharbour City"""
According to the passage , if you want to give up your habits , you have to know	'spend less time on the Internet'
According to the passage , we know plant trees improve environment	'graffiti can make the buildings look cool'
In autumn , leaves turn yellow before falling because chlorophyll carbohydrates come back wood part	'chlorophyll and carbohydrates have been lost through leaves'
Which is the best title for this passage ? The Cat 's Surprising Sense Smell	'Cats Can Smell the Slightest Change'
Some people like washing their face with cold water in the morning and washing their feet with hot water in the evening perhaps because think strengthen blood circulation improve resistance	'they know it is the best way to kill flu bacteria'
What did Lindsay do with her first prize ? It put bank .	'She used it to buy more pigs .'
If people with eye diseases want to learn about history , they can choose talking books	'large printed books'
We can learn from the text that S. H. E is girl musical group	'the name of a cute girl'
The man yelled at his daughter because unsatisfied present daughter gave	'the box his daughter gave him was empty'
The author thinks that the positions women hold outside grow household responsibilities	'represent their breakthrough of sex discrimination'
The best title for this passage would be Welcome Barefoot Traveler	'Scuba Diving'
We can infer from the passage She Xianglin get State compensation	'She Xianglin stayed in prison for 11 years'
Grandma Moses ' paintings are first bought by man New York	"""Otto Kallir 's gallery"""
According to the information , all bus riders should let driver know advance want get	"'pay according to a "" price zone ""'"
In the author 's opinion , life without TV used lot fun	"""is not good for children 's imagination"""
What would be the best title for the text ? Secrets ventriloquism	'Tips on making friends'
Mr. King coughed because smoked much	"""he could n't go to sleep"""
What 's the best title of the passage ? China 's snow disaster areas shifting focus reconstruction work .	'Great losses in snow - hit areas in China .'
What was Ellen Parker 's real problem ? She weighed much .	'The doctor did not know .'
Learning Engl ish well can help someone confidence learning languages	'study in a good school'
The lady wrote a doctor a letter because wanted invite dinner	"""she did n't want to give him a telephone call"""
Because of the bad economic situation , Heather Richars will most probably attend public college California	'attend an out - of - state college'
What happened in My Swale 's class ? Jodie laughed father 's job .	'Jodie gave an honest answer .'
Through life learning , children learn communicate real society	'will be driven to learn necessary life knowledge'
Which of the following is NOT a problem with the traditional flush toilet ? They complicated use .	'They waste too much water'
The best title of the passage can be Long Weekend Getaway	'Good Ways to Relieve Stress'
By fixing your attention on others , you will feel confident	'be paid less attention to'
Why does Denial go to the capital city ? He wants learn professor .	'He goes to play the piano for 6 hours .'
"Alice 's husband says , "" I do n't think it fits you well . "" It really means ""   's expensive"	"""it 's too small"""
We meet our parents school hall	'in the teaching building'
Which of the following is TRUE according to the survey ? The results show 15 % students satisfied .	'Almost all teens are satisfied with themselves .'
Home cooking is Both A B	'a way of showing love'
What led to the invention of the kite according to the passage ? Wars .	"""Motse 's dream of flying ."""
How did the psychologists study and rate the learning strategies ? By analyzing materials gathered past years .	'By asking parents and teachers to look through the articles .'
In his book , Mr. Henry did n't mention school education	'his family story'
What was probably the direct result of Olivetti , s falling behind in electronic technology ? A period financial problem	'Its agreements with other companies'
From the story , we can know that finding more cheese means finding different dreams	'finding more friends'
The White House was built in Washington nation 's capital city	'because President George Washington liked to live in it'
Why did Jack not like people to know he was deaf ? He afraid lose work .	'He was afraid of his friends .'
Those who are interested in movies are young people	'old people'
Mr. Vogts writes this letter to the editor to complain way young people acted	"""express his worry about his friend 's children 's future"""
What was mentioned to make Grandma happy in the passage ? Her two nieces would come .	'My parents moved to live with her .'
Jim Chapman was injured in the workplace mainly because safety guard machinery gone	"""he did n't notice the PTO shaft"""
The words the man left on the napkin suggested that respecting others means respecting oneself	"""Mary 's kind service would bring in more money for her"""
One day as Jim walked down the street , saw young lady dropped bags	'he said kind words to the lady'
It can be learned that Strange Skies first travel film plants	'made plants play roles in it'
As thick smog has become a common scene in Harbin ,     urban traffic seriously influenced	'residents in the city can see as far as 20 meters'
Why did the writer take the room finally ? The room great demand .	"""It 's a 4-star hotel ."""
If a person decides to learn about a topic , he or she should read many books related topic possible	'make friends with as many experts in that field as possible'
Why do women have better memories than men ? They interested 's happening around .	'They usually take some special medicine to improve memories .'
What is the text mainly about ? We win someone 's heart getting back story .	'Telling jokes will make you the center of attention .'
Which is NOT true about activities for African students ? They held 4:00pm time .	'African students are not the only participants .'
We can infer from the passage that the father cares children 's health much	"""ca n't afford a mobile phone for his children"""
Who probably belong to the ant tribe ? Graduates countryside .	'Young women looking for love .'
The supporters of daily travel will insist that it brings better housing conditions	'less daily stress'
This passage mainly discusses accidents affected many living things	'what people are doing to prevent environmental disasters'
"The last sentence "" Why tell her anything different?""means that would n't tell truth"	'he wanted to tell her something that had nothing to do with Leo'
Which of the following does the author advise you to do when you are being interviewed ? Open coat jacket sitting	'Avoid looking at the eyes of the interviewer directly'
If congress passed the law , criminals could n't easily get guns store	'there would be no gun deals'
When she was wiping away her tears , the writer realized that would start new life New Zealand	'she had already arrived in New Zealand'
What can be the best title of the passage ? Beijing -- Shanghai express railway	'Train tickets will get more expensive'
From the text , a red cabbage is a kind of plant	'paper'
What was the people 's attitude towards Rodd in the town ? They grateful help .	'They treated him as Santa Claus .'
With a tank of air on your back , you can stay water long time	'can only stay in deep water'
"Which of the following is NOT true ? "" An Elephant Never Forgets "" means elephant good memory ."	'The emails suggest Kerry will not carry out his promises .'
Oscars organizers want to improve the ceremony of Academy Awards because view rate falling	'the 80th Oscars was best organized'
What can we learn about the two young people from the passage ? They mistook mutes .	"""They ignored the anger of Galaxy 's parents ."""
Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? How Deal Difficult House Guests	'How to Entertain Your Guests'
It can be learned from the passage that vertical farms need less room conventional farms	'only use hydroponics to grow food'
"Which of the following about "" Tea Leaves "" is true ? It touched author ."	'Cucumber sandwiches and scones are its specialties .'
Which of the following is one of the ways to find a problem ? Find things people satisfied .	'Let the practical idea slip away .'
The writer tells children to make rules Internet use parents .	'believe everything they read on the Internet'
Which of the following would be the best title for this article ? Obama Says He Deserves Second Term	'Obama Becomes the American President Again'
Why can finding a job after finishing school be difficult ? Because lot competition jobs .	'Because a job is more difficult than school work .'
What is the author 's purpose of writing the passage ? To argue motherhood worthy career deserves respect .	'To show that being a mother is hard and boring work .'
What do we know about SmartyPig ? It tool helping consumers save money .	'It was founded by Michael Ferrari alone .'
What is the passage mainly about ? What author learned father .	'The help the author got from his father .'
What was the thing that surprised the professor ? The monkey watching keyhole A	'found the keyhole'
The environmental disaster was caused by nearly two - month - old oil spill	'the damage of the Mexico Gulf ecosystem'
"From the sentence "" Bar are bad places "" , we can know that the grandmother n't like bars"	"""did n't go to the bar"""
Which of the following is true of PCBs according to the text ? They hard cleared nature .	'They arc a kind of man - made fish food .'
Why did the two daughters visit their mother at last ? They felt grateful mother .	'They had put the letters together .'
Which of the following DOESN'T belong to the four healthy habits ? Having cigarette going bed every day .	'Eat five servings of fruits and vegetables a day .'
How do the blue tits choose their nest ? The female chooses nest .	'The male chooses their nest .'
What did Rodney do with the money he received ? He improved mowing service .	"""He gave it to a friend 's service group ."""
According to the passage , if a person gets lost in the forest , at the very beginning , he would worry laughed	'push himself to find his way out'
Why did the writer fall behind in the new middle school ?     Because n't put heart study .	"""Because the teachers did n't treat him well enough ."""
We can learn from the text that the EcoDorm in the US offers students chances natural living college	'was firstly built by two college students'
A hot line is a telephone line people get advice	'that is hot'
What 's the purpose of this text ? To introduce book .	'To explain experiential learning .'
The passage is mainly about future space travel	'the cost of space travel in the future'
Eleanor and her family ate chicken because live turkey ran away killed	"""they did n't like eating turkey"""
The cheetah brothers learnt hunting skills from mother	'Simon King'
What does the author mainly discuss in the text ? It important say foreign plants .	'It is a hard job to grow plants in yards .'
What does the writer intend to tell us ? Differences habitat lead different living habits .	'In order to protect themselves most animals choose not to sleep'
In 2009 , hundreds of people took part in a flash mob in Liverpool railway station to     remember Michael Jackson	'tell people not to use negative words'
What is the best title for the passage ? Technology Future Travel	'Computerized Cars'
According to Russel Stewart , caddisfly larvae worth researching	'can spin silk underwater or on dry land'
How did the explorers know the bag was Carner 's ? One explorers knew Carner	'Carner recognized the bag'
Why did Bob feel excited ? Because wanted special weather report .	'Because he knew there was going to be a big storm soon .'
What does the brain focus on in the default mode ? The brain .	"""A person 's immediate situation ."""
Students who want to take part in the program will study 20 hours week	'mainly study cultural differences'
"By saying "" balled into a tight little knot "" , the author means that Millie afraid cherry tree cut"	'hated to hear her mother saying that way'
What 's the students and the villagers ' dream ? To bride river	'To cross the river every day'
What is the biggest reason for people 's turning to government hiring ? The economic recession forced people .	'People can double their income by working for the Government .'
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? A Brief Introduction Harriet Tubman	'A History of American Black Slaves'
After the author 's graduation , things turned even worse expected	'he found his salary was hardly enough to pay back his student loans'
In Britain , when people are talking , they usually avoid physical contact	'avoid eye contact'
What does Peter Drucker 's phrase infer ? Leaders good making right decisions .	'Leaders should be good at doing things right .'
Churchill decided to end the evacuation scheme mainly because liners easily became targets German U - boats	'so many people needed evacuating'
What presents can you take to your dinner hostess in Germany ? Flowers except red roses	'Something wrapped in brown paper'
At the end of the story the man had three axes	'only one axe'
What is the main idea of the passage ? New Year luck money goes online .	'The tradition of giving lucky money is out of fashion .'
"The "" dark black cloud "" on the photograph refers to polluted air floating surface Earth"	'the mass of tiny drops of water floating above Earth'
Which of the following statements is not the cause of insomnia ? drinking juice	'too many blankets on a hot night'
Where did Mr. Green want to sleep that night ? In hotel .	"""In the old man 's house ."""
What is the biggest benefit children can get from taking up a new hobby ? They learn extra skills .	'They can enjoy a good time .'
According to the passage , Oxfam does not help build schools hospitals	'to supply clean water'
According to the article , the movie Tiny Times made Guo Jingming 's novel	'is more popular than the other two movies'
According to Professor Prentice , people become fatter because energy people take need	'high technology makes people use less energy'
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? The benefits beauty schools	'Going to college or beauty school'
The same dream of the group of senior high school students is to play NBA	'watch Yao Ming playing on TV'
Why does the author think that yoga is fit for seniors ? It includes learning new motions .	'It does not increase the heart rate .'
The author 's experience mainly shows that stubbornness make people succeed fail	"""meeting customers ' need is important to a company 's success"""
Which of the following is the main reason for silent letters ? Historical reasons .	'French language .'
What is the primary purpose of the Limited License ? To protect Great Games ' software .	"""To explain Great Games ' warranty ."""
Which statement best describes the critics ' reaction to the Segway ? Disappointing , still successful device .	'An expensive and disappointing invention .'
"The author considers Hillary and Barack "" a surprising pair "" because they are either woman black"	'either the wife of former President or a Harvard educated senator'
Kane needed attention because he wanted to show power prove capable	'he had challenges or shortcomings in his life'
What do we know about Oprah 's childhood ? lacked concern care .	'She lived with her mother for 14 years .'
The two ancient kings ' ways of celebrating their birthdays show different cultures celebrate different ways	'that their court followers were awarded the special honors'
Tomatoes and potatoes kill insects to make grow better	'get more sticky hairs'
It could be inferred that the writer 's wife is late - airport woman	'an early - airport woman'
The North High School Band turned out the best mainly due to hard work members	'the support of the school'
Which of the following can be the influence of a new technology , according to the passage ? It usually draws different reactions different age groups .	'It further widens the gap between the old and the young .'
When Seema chose the yellow dress , the author was disappointed because n't expert lose favorite dress	'Seema chose her favorite dress on purpose'
According to the passage Botanical Garden     may attract lovers nature	'can make tours dangerous with rocky caves'
What can be a suitable title for the text ? Good News Beats Bad Social Networks	'Online News Attracts More people'
After reading the line by Masefield , the writer felt surprised . Why ? Because never thought	'Because he thought it was impossible to be both happy and wise'
What 's the best title of this passage ? Happy safe surfing .	'Activities on the websites .'
Why did the author and his classmates react with blank stares ? Because first thought reaching second floor connection worry .	'Because they were too tired to understand what Mr . Iyer said .'
Karen Miller had a hard time dealing with the public because public thought daughter 's looks caused ill - treatment	"""the public thought she did n't treat her daughter 's illness in hospital"""
On Thursday when a kid wants to watch TV , his parents should show fitness movies	'let him watch it for a short time'
Why do people have to put the tigers in cages ? Because dangerous .	'Because the tigers like to live in cages .'
What did the author learn from her experience ? When God closes door , opens another .	'A friend without faults will never be found .'
The two small gloves were for Dick	'other children'
It can be inferred from the passage that the writer seems to be most annoyed at decline teens ' morality	'all the communication equipment'
The passage aims to tell the readers how to spend holidays abroad economically	'save money to buy eatable gifts in a foreign market'
From the passage , we can infer that author live passionate life	'the author will be away from his family and hug them passionately upon his return'
What probably led Dr Tsay to carry out the study ? Her experience competitor .	'Her love for music .'
What will not be affected by the establishment of GLTP ? international boundaries	'African wildlife'
Why does the writer get up early in the morning ? To hear birds sing .	'To see different birds .'
Why has the Western - oriented emirate paid more attention to becoming a business and leisure center ? Because produces less oil ever .	'Because it wants to set a new world record .'
Donald did n't call for help mainly because house far main road .	"""his mobile did n't work ."""
The report mainly tells us Lin 's popularity increased worldwide	"""Lin is the NBA 's first American - born player of Chinese descent ."""
Why did Ms. Milano give stepping stones to Drew , Michi , and Emilio ? They founders school garden .	'They are the best students of the school .'
Which of the following is true ? Liza found backpack .	'Ely lost an ID card .'
"Musa is called "" Foreign Lei Feng "" because good deeds Lei Feng"	'he is teaching English at a primary school'
From the text we know Plimoth Plantation presents Pilgrims ' life 1600s .	'is a cranberry plantation in Plimoth .'
Before dropping rubbish into the chute you have to     press correct button	"""lock the other floors ' chute doors"""
The first week of training was practice standing squatting	'to watch the parade on TV'
What day can you spend the longest at the museum ? On Fridays .	'On Independence Day .'
During the earthquake , people are advised to turn electricity gas immediately	'drive to a safe place quickly'
Maybe in the future the GPS will be accurate .	'cheaper than mobile phones'
What 's NOT the proper way to improve relationship between you and your parents ? Change parents ' behaviors .	'Listen to your parents .'
After Jerry left the orphanage missed friend much	'he left guilty about leaving his friend behind'
What places are people most likely to go to in an educational tour ? Historical places museums .	'Places of amusement .'
What does the story mainly tell us ? To succeed , change way necessary .	'We may experience difficulty in life just like the little stream .'
When the Thais give the author surprised looks , she feels normal	'different'
When Andy was young , often watched train pass	'he often ran on the track up and down'
"When someone says "" a penny for your thoughts "" , he or she curious 's mind"	'considers your thoughts unique'
When the driver gets sleepy while driving , Driver Alert sounds frequently loudly	'opens the window for the driver'
Wang wei spends much money Taobao	'thinks it is unsafe to shop online'
Buck burst into anger when rope around neck pulled tight	'a rope was tied around his neck'
What kind of program was the ROTC ? It meant serve army .	'It was meant for people out of work .'
Drip irrigation is popular because make use water	'it is more advanced than channel irrigation'
What did the minister refuse to do ? To cooperate reporter .	'To pray for the trapped miners on TV'
At last he had to sell his house and move away because could live quiet life	'he made enough money and wanted to buy a new expensive house'
To whom did the professor really say these words ? To students attended lecture .	"'To the skeleton which he called "" old boy "" .'"
Which of the following statements is NOT true about Traditionals ? They 're difficult work stubborn .	"""They 're independent workers with great confidence ."""
Who was waiting for them when they arrived at the hiding place ? Margot	'Mummy and Margot'
Which of the following authors writes a story about traveling by sea ? Laila Lalami	'Ama Ata Aidoo'
Which of the following is not mentioned as a way to reduce our stress ? Reading Bible .	'Changing our attitude towards little things that make us unhappy .'
With wide applications of cloud computing customers can gain computing capacity quickly	'pay less for the older IT systems'
According to the passage , we can conclude that the writer studies art history practical way	'in an art gallery'
What do you think a good editor is going to do after he gets the letter ? He ask someone write something newspaper .	'He will hold a meeting to tell the drivers to make the traffic trouble less .'
In what way do top - level administrators from abroad contribute to university development ? They view lot things new angle .	"""They can improve the university 's image ."""
What medicine did the vet give the farmer ? . Two pills	'Bottle of pills'
What should the students do first if they want to join the program ? Go meeting Wednesday .	'Call Mrs. Lake next week .'
What the crook hated most was politeness	'his machine'
What is not included as a resource of paperless material in the passage ? dictionaries reference books	'e - books'
From the passage we can conclude that people n't focus much money	'the writer often takes many books to school'
Which of the following can serve as the best title of the passage ? Cheap Travel Secrets	'A Travel Opportunist'
Little Joey wrote paragraph dog	'grasped what income tax meant'
What 's the problem with Annie ? She never puts ideas practice .	'She knows little about making money online .'
What should you do if you do n't receive any calls after lots of interviews ? Carefully review interviewing skills .	'Ask a fellow job seeker to help you'
What does the father do ? Run business .	'Work in an office .'
Bilingual children are more likely to develop dementia Alzheimer 's disease	'recognize a word from its meaning'
Ann 's father wants Ann to have more lessons because loves Ann	'Ann plays well'
Why do researchers think the still employed deserve sympathy more ? They constantly worry losing jobs .	'They have no chance to find better jobs .'
Which of the following is not talked about in Carnegie 's book ? Do n't visit neighbors often .	'People enjoy hearing their own names .'
Which of the following may be the benefit of music to kids ? Kids likely well lessons .	'Kids would like to play with other friends more .'
Idian and Chinese children do better in their lessons . Why ? Because put time .	'Because they like school better than homework .'
This selection says that the Egyptians played    many different games balls	'only one ball game'
What can be the best title for this passage ? Seeing true love	'Watching the paintings'
"Anne Harper does n't wish that she were a man because she believes "" Women Liberation """	"""does the work a man ca n't do"""
The author managed to get the boy to talk to her by avoiding making critical remarks	"""describing his teacher 's feelings"""
At the end of the article the writer wants us to remember careful get hurt DIY	'to keep watching DIY on TV while drinking a nice cup of tea'
Odland learned one of his life lessons from experience waiter .	'the advice given by the CEOs'
When Augustyn found the dog , it was horrible physical state	'tied to a fence near an animal clinic'
What did the man do when he had saved the little girl ? He left girl crowd left quickly .	'He took the girl home .'
The writer enjoys the sound of rain	'sunshine'
How did the boy learn knowledge concerning automobiles ? He studied hard home .	'He read books in the garage where he worked .'
According to the writer , your website is a place meet people Internet	'where you can meet people all around the world'
Which of the following is TURE about Lolo Soetoro ? He foreign student America	"""He is Obama 's stepfather and is a black"""
Which of the following may seem unusual to help remember a name ? Making story .	'Introducing the person to others .'
The passage is intended to praise Marita 's spirits overcome difficulties	'suggest having a dream is a good thing'
"Which of the following does NOT belong to a "" mob mentality "" ? "" I must drink alcohol stop feeling shy . """	"'"" It \'s safe to do what many people are doing . ""'"
What can we know about Howard Kelly according to the passage ? He experienced doctor .	'He became the best friend of the woman .'
"According to the passage , the word "" music "" means something unpleasant experienced"	'sour pop music'
With so many people losing weight , it will end in    people 's suffering eating disorder	'more and more people becoming obesity'
When do the best teams play again ? On New Year 's Day	'Before the season ends .'
"By saying "" I do n't want to be a part of that . "" Azalea means that music affected others ' taste"	"""she 's unwilling to become popular"""
What should you do in learning English ? We speak English much .	'We should be careful not to make any mistakes .'
In what sense are people similar to a lion facing a chair ? They feel puzzled choices .	'They hold on to the wrong things .'
We can tell that from the middle of June to August , the students in Canada are school holidays	'in school'
From the passage we learn that locusts change colors protect	'are easily found by birds'
A person who has a low - level job probably well worth focusing	'would like to talk to you'
Where was Bruce Lee born ? In San Francisco .	'In Hong Kong .'
Why swimming class was the writer 's favorite ? Because	'Because it was good to stay in the cool water when the weather was hot .'
Why is the golden key to success designed as the logo of CFIIT ? Because fair attract overseas investment China .	'Because the fair is held on August 9 .'
In the experiment , a poster was hung above the money box to see honest people different situations	'remind people the drinks were not free'
Why does the author mention apes and dolphins in the text ? They already known intelligent .	'They are included in the study by Reiss .'
The author refers to two websites in the passage give examples teenagers affected	'to warn teenagers not to visit such websites'
Ear scanning would work better than facial recognition mainly because ears change less age faces	'the ear scanning system is computerized'
After reading what Martha wrote , Emma Ramirez found lucky dad	'decided to spend more time with her father'
The new research differs from past studies in that focuses immediate benefits cutting carbon dioxide emissions	'it studies the bad effects arising from future global warming'
What 's the best title of the passage ? Remembrances father	'Father and son'
Who will take charge of putting the plan into practice ? The U.S.Department Education .	'The leaders of all the schools .'
What is the main idea of the passage ? How I escaped Mrs. Peters ' punishment .	'How Elvis Presley saved my life .'
If you really want to meet someone again , seems necessary let know	"""it 's proper for you to give him a second handshake"""
Why is China the fastest - growing auto market ? Because Chinese getting higher incomes .	'Because Germany is producing less vehicles .'
According to Hou Zhengfang , it seems much more beneficial to give freshmen survival skills	'military training'
How did Thumper help Benjamin ? By staying time .	'By finding the way out for him .'
why did Douglas draw a simple hand ? He wanted show thanks teacher	'His teacher asked him to draw it .'
What must you remember to do if you are checking phrases by Googlefight ? Remember put quote marks round phrase .	"""Do n't put quote marks round the phrase ."""
It can be inferred from the passage that song showing people 's real life feelings likely accepted .	'they will learn to write songs on computers .'
Why did the writer beat the cookie batter with her fists ? Because misunderstood cooking recipe .	"""Because she did n't know how to use tools ."""
What is the main aim of the World Book Day ? To encourage reading .	'To promote book selling .'
What can we learn about the Frenchmen from the passage ? It easy make friends .	'They like traveling in their own country .'
What Stephen Attenborough valued most is safety tourists	'the cost of a commercial flight'
From the story , we know the second man wants show books David	'wants to return the books to David'
What made Alice decide to give a concert ? She wanted prove teacher wrong .	'She wanted to please her teacher .'
The goal of meditation is clear mind	'to practice a religion'
Many students like to make friends online because interested	'they always get real friends in this way'
43 . The differences between British and American English are not important because     British English American English language	'Englishmen and Americans get along well'
The flood is expected to get worse	'kill more people'
What can we infer from the text about Simon ? became excellent professional soldier .	'he found life in the army very terrible'
Which of the following statements is TRUE of DHL ? It belongs Germany 's postal service .	'It has designed many measures to improve its service speed .'
What can be the best title for this text ? Why I Gave My Job	'How Hard Life Is for Box Boys'
Why do teens keep texting all the time ? To sense accepted others .	'To reduce the pressure from parents and schools .'
For whom is this text written ? Vessel operators .	'Whale watchers .'
What made Jack Andraka research pancreatic cancer ? Losing friend .	'Doubts about the present test .'
How does the writers feel about the subject ? We ca n't tell since / reporting facts .	"""We ca n't tell since he / she is not a blogger ."""
Which of the following is TRUE ? I walk school Monday Friday .	'There is no cinema near my house .'
In what way does the critical mind help the writer in the writing process ? It improves writing better shape .	'It saves the writing time available to him .'
According to the article , who else gives children some homework to do except their teachers ? Their parents	'Other students .'
The third tip is about exercise	'healthy drinks'
The underground railway winds Kowloon	'snakes across the harbor'
From the passage , we know that Dick 's favourite sport playing football	'Dick goes to school at 12:00 at noon'
The author wrote this passage mainly to ask help find friend 's parents	'tell her experience of fighting cancer'
According to passage , a true friend should be a person that never makes fun	'does both good and bad things to you'
It can be inferred from this passage that Rosalie Warren put family education	"""did n't like working in an office"""
What kind of people are these organizations designed for ? Less fortunate members society	'Homeless and sick children'
Before each lesson finishes , the student has to listen lesson sleep	'review    the lesson by himself'
The great learned man believed that teacher questions	'a teacher has no questions'
In the restaurant , the music is to make you eat food spend money	'enjoy some wonderful music'
Which of the following is true ? Mach developed business others ' help .	"""George 's company serves only the rural areas ."""
Why does the writer prefer to shop online ?    Because    save time relaxed	'the prices online are lower'
Why did the government of Indonesia wanted to change the holding time of the Asian Games back to 2018 ? Because Djakarta hold presidential election 2019 .	'Because the World Cup will be held in 2018 .'
Environment clubs ask students throw away lunch bags	'to run to school every day'
The reasons why NASA has begun the plan to explore space include the followings except show powerful USA	'to explore deep space'
What does the author suggest office workers should do ? Keep moving office regularly .	'Take more exercise after work .'
Choose the best title for the story . Teen dies trying save cats fire	'A fire destroyed the building'
From the passage , we learn that if people have many friends , they live happily .	"""need n't make new friends"""
Who is the author ? A crowd - scene actor .	'A workman for scene setting .'
According to the passage , why is it exciting to begin college life ? Because prepare future career life .	'Because professors there will provide you with many new ideas .'
Rubin 's study shows that for emotional support a married woman is more likely to turn to female friend	'a male friend'
According to the passage , which of the following happens that you may not turn to the counsellors ? You poor go school .	'You have family problem .'
From the passage we can conclude that Alice Walker was twenty - two years old when first met Langston Hughes	'Langston Hughes died'
What are the advantages of novel over a feature film ? Novels make us use imagination .	'Novels always explain what is happening .'
In order to make the soundboard strong, stripes stuck across inside wood	'several pieces of wood are glued together'
Ben Franklin went to Paris in November of 1783 to---- . sign treaty	'experiment with hot - air balloons'
It can be inferred from the passage that author success personal life	"""the author did n't try her best to work well"""
What does Zhu Yu say about customers who take away books without paying ? They wrong finish reading books .	'They will not be allowed to take books away next time .'
Some birds have their own territorial systems so that n't need fight chase	'they find a big piece of land to search for food'
People in London did n't want to go outdoors about 300 years ago because many thieves streets	'there were no policemen in the streets'
If the passage appears in the newspaper , you think it should belong to    Health Fitness	'Holidays and Festivals'
According to Judy 's words , we can learn that writer helped time	'the writer lost touch with her since they met'
What did the author learn about the father from the telegram ? still alive .	'His ship had been sunk .'
What is the main idea of the passage ? The air quality coastal cities worrying .	'Cleaner - burning fuels are welcome in ships .'
The best title of the passage is How Control Weight	'Eating Out'
Why do some people mainly eat high quality food ? They want enjoy better things life .	'Food can show off their social position .'
What did Walt Disney want to show in his plan ? Disney characters .	'Disney studio .'
"From the passage , we can learn that the first members of "" Chinatown "" were early Chinese sailors"	'visitors to London'
According to the passage , Race Point Light also tourist spot	'was built by I.W.P.Lewis'
Ten percent of the workers in Britain are being deafened because working noisy places	'they often listen to pop music'
What Nodira wants most is find true friend	'to finish her primary education'
Which one can be used as the best title of this passage ? What Makes Me Weight I Have ?	'How Can I Lose More Weight ?'
The man asks the waiter to bring him lot nice food	'a lot of ice cream'
When you take a bus there , always remember to ask driver much ticket	'buy the bus map of Singapore'
The general goal of using extra teachers is to help teachers improve teaching quality	'assist more senior teachers'
Before you begin to write in the examination paper , you should try understand exact meaning question	'read the examination paper over carefully'
According to the writer , if parents find their children try alcohol , they had better set curfews rules parties events parents	"""ask their children 's friends for help"""
The author uses the example of Einstein to show the importance of truth	'impressions'
The writer agreed to throw the ball because could refuse polite request young man	'she wanted to refresh her childhood memories'
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? The Small White Envelope	'Christmas Gift'
The writer usually shares a car with people knows	'friends of friends'
What does Mary do after she gets up ? Walks dog .	'Goes to the Singing Club .'
The best topic of this passage might be post1990s	'chatting generation'
A cold often starts with pain throat	'feeling a little cold'
What can we learn about the two storms that the tree has survived ? They two worst storms last 100 years .	'The first storm damaged the tree more than the second one .'
The passage is mainly about travel exciting	'why some people are tired of travelling'
Which of the following is NOT true ? China Daily one important information sources China .	'Time summarizes the news concisely and completely .'
"Why was the rabbit still in danger after it was promoted to "" special natural monument "" ? Because loss habitat new species ."	'Because the rabbit lives in a rather unusual lifestyle .'
"By saying "" It 's about being well rounded , ... "" ( in Para.6),Langteau means games viewed sides"	'games do great good to kids'
According to the writer , people hesitate at strange food mainly due to lack information	'the way it looks'
After losing weight by dieting , what usually happens to people ? They gain weight back .	'They keep the weight off .'
After Hurricane Phailin , new houses built along shore line are required meet stricter building standards	'to look smarter in design'
"The Americans hardly say "" Have got car ?"	'Good - bye . Have a good day !'
According to the passage , which of the sentence is RIGHT ? Parents understand children better .	'Teenagers should only go to their friends for help .'
"According to the first story , the term "" OK "" first used President Jackson"	'was approved of by President Jackson'
Bill walked across the room meet woman	"""to pay the woman 's bill"""
What ' s special about Figaro the cockatoo ? He 's good drawing support outside forces .	'He can tell the difference between stones and nuts .'
For what purpose did Fabien explore the sea and created documentary films ? To raise public 's awareness environmental protection .	'To afford children the opportunity to learn about climate .'
From the text we may safely conclude that compulsive spenders or compulsive bargain hunters need special treatment	'can never get any help to solve their problems with money'
What interests the author most in Obama 's stance is economy education	'the military and economy'
What was Helen Lee 's major consideration when she changed her j ob halfway ? Her research interests .	'Her preference for the lifestyle at university'
Susie throws water on the boy because she intends save boy trouble .	'wants the teacher to know the truth'
A child can get some more money by extra chores	'understanding the value of money'
What is written on his latest postcard ? Good fishing	'A favorite place'
What do we know about improvisation ? Performers develop story playing .	'Performers act as a certain character .'
What contribution can industrial scientists make when they come to teach in a university ? Increase graduates ' competitiveness job market .	"""Develop its students ' potential in research ."""
To become a member of Facebook , you must edu , e -- mail dress	'be a high school student'
One cause of eyestrain mentioned in the passage is reading poor light	'wearing glasses too long'
One good point of jogging in groups is likely give halfway	'you can stay in bed while your friends are waiting for you .'
One of the robbers kept looking at his watch because leave another train came	"""he did n't know when another train would come"""
The passage is mainly about independence American children	'failure and success of American children'
If the users do n't follow the instructions on the computer , the kitchen repeats recipe information	'chooses another recipe .'
What might be the most suitable title for the text ? To Center Earth	"""David Stevenson 's Proposal"""
What do you think the author is most likely to suggest if he continues to write ? How find good qualities .	'How to make friends .'
The passage is about use ATM	'how to have a bank card'
Zoe was sent to an elephant orphanage because young lost mother	'Tsavo National Park needed a baby elephant'
What is the purpose of the passage ? To introduce online recruitment site us .	'To explain to us why careerberg.com was successfully launched on January 2008 worldwide .'
In order to use eyes to operate their mobile phones , most users should buy replaceable filter	'the Kinect device'
What can people do in the Book Nook on October 4 ? They become member Book - - - Month Club .	'They can read aloud together with well - known writers .'
If you become a winner , you may essay published online	'can have the Readers magazine for free'
When did Mrs Green want to cross the street ? When light red .	'When the light was green .'
How does Jim usually go to school ? He usually goes school foot .	"""He usually goes to school in his father 's car ."""
We can infer from the passage that , with the aim of being an ecological    city by the 2008 Olympics , far still needs done	'the development of the city has to be slowed down'
What can be inferred about sea otters ' fur ? It keeps sea otters warm 's clean .	'It has a layer of insulating water bubbles .'
People will lose some senses under the ground because air dirty lot chemicals food	"""they ca n't grow their own food in the sun"""
Who is Juan Quesada ? The hotels owner	'A hotel guest'
Why did Tom think that dustmen only worked one day a week ? Because Tom seen dustmen Thursday house .	"""Because Tom 's mother told him ."""
Which might be the most suitable title for the passage ? Buy Products Next Nothing	'How to Buy New Must -have Electronics'
What is the essence of the American Dream according to Crevecoeur ? People free exploitation oppression .	'People who are honest and work hard can succeed .'
What did Tommy think of the maple leaf ? He kind friendly .	'He was a leaf that could change a boy into a leaf .'
The discussion should reach beyond scientific societies because people need work together prevent bad use science	'united efforts are necessary for the development of science'
Which device will a high school student choose to use in the classrooms ? Livescribe Echo Smartpen	'Logitech Bluetooth Keyboard'
Standard pronunciation basic condition listening	'helps the speaker to be understood easily'
What can be concluded from the passage ? There many organizations trying solve social problems .	'To offer help is just an excuse for these organizations to collect money .'
According to the letter , what will Edward teach about writing in Term 1 ? Sentences paragraphing .	'Writing for TOEFL and CEE .'
What kind of physical problem do many adult Americans have ? They fat	'They lose too much body fat .'
What gave Mr. Wan more strength after this trip ? His daughter 's trust .	"""His daughter 's questions ."""
Which of the following is Right according to the passage ? You try best use less water .	'Get active is the only way to keep healthy .'
Jane learns a lot from grandpa	'a rich woman and her son'
The passage mainly focuses on relationship customers waiters	'how to wait on tables'
Which is not likely to happen in the factory ? New machines bought .	'The workers will have more rest in the day .'
Why did Granddad put a watermelon where the author planted seeds ? Because n't want disappoint author .	"""Because he did n't want to waste the watermelon ."""
Mr. and Mrs. Turner were happy because son well lessons	'their son studied at a middle school'
What does the story mainly tell us about ? Why American Idol show popular .	'How the American Idol show creates pop stars .'
In the opinion of Takashi Saito , Japanese people willing learn new things	'are good at learning foreign languages'
Compared with parents of 30 years ago , today 's parents give children freedom	"""care less about their children 's life"""
At the end of the story , the student felt sorry first idea	"""felt sad for not taking his teacher 's advice"""
Which of the following position is a full - time job ? Office manager .	'Office cleaner .'
Mary is behind Mr. White	'Mrs. White'
Which of the foliowing statements is NOT true according to the passage ? The documentary usually lasts fifty minutes .	'The documentary is not only about food making .'
We can learn from the passage that in the wet season ,     people weak immune might attacked diseases	'the capital of Jakarta is flooded every year'
The students can borrow books from the library	'schools'
In a laboratory test , what kind of houses can stay up ? A house stronger shingles	'a house built with conventional techniques'
Which is the topic for the passage ? Two Kinds Different Education	'The Students Are Human Beings First'
Knowing a little geography and having some maps in Chinese only , a foreigner ca n't study world events without misunderstanding	'can study world events without misunderstanding'
According to the passage , the oil industry might lead northern Norway to failure development program	'the development of industry'
Experts think that people should bargain over almost everything want buy use	'second - hand cars or old houses'
What is particular in American school is that lot - school activities	'students go outside to enjoy themselves in a car'
From the passage smoking results in skin aging mainly because lower blood supply skin	'it can make skin come off'
"According to the text a "" mystery shopper "" would not have to fill questionnaires"	'provide exact facts to the company'
We know from the passage that a low dose of Ecstasy permanently destroy one 's brain cells	'can cause serious brain damage occasionally'
By telling the story of Karen , the author intends to show consequences AIDS	'express sympathy for AIDS victims'
Big Jim may get fired mainly because absent - minded	'the work flow was irregular'
Which is the best title for the passage ? First Words New Voice Box	"""Transplant Saves A Woman 's Life"""
When we talk about beauty in people , we often only refer to attractive appearance	"'"" Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder ""'"
What are the government 's ways to combat climate change ? All .	"'Use "" green "" sources instead of fossil fuel .'"
What should you say when meeting an American for the first time ? Nice meet ! Are America ?	"""Let 's get together sometime . I want to ask you some questions ."""
Lisa is a successful star , because plays many good films	'she likes seeing movies very much'
According to Sufer , the amazing characteristic of CHIP is that something without instructions	'it can make all kinds of dog noises'
What is the best title of the text ? Women prefer work male bosses .	'Male or female boss ?'
Valentine was put in prison because married many young people secretly	'he put his love message in a heart - shaped box of chocolates'
Andy cried the second time probably because n't find swings	"""he could n't play on the slide any more"""
"Today , "" sandwich "" is two pieces bread meat"	'not interested in playing cards'
What is the main reason for a celebrity 's opting for cosmetic surgery ? The celebrity wants younger , prettier , thinner .	'The celebrity watches television shows about cosmetic surgery .'
What is the purpose of the passage ? To clarify misconceptions fatness exercise .	'To explain some medical facts about being fat and doing exercise .'
The best title for the passage would be MyTerrible ChildhoodMemory	'A Black Horse'
Which is the first spacecraft landed softly on the moon in China ? Chang'e-3	'Yutu'
The writer plays loud music because helps ideas	'it prevents him from feeling bored'
"The proverb : "" Do not count your chicken before they are hatched . "" means one must depend real life"	'one must count his chicken after they are hatched'
With a Starbucks Card of Green level , you will get free - store refills	'personalized Green Card'
What made the author so interested in traveling abroad ? His father 's stories traveling experiences .	'Once traveling to Canada with his father .'
What does the doctor 's advice mean ? My mum could treat others .	'The other girls had the same arms as me .'
Snow can be deadly mainly because it can make people victims snowstorms	'make people stuck in winter storms'
What is the function of Travel Money Tracker ? It changes native currency .	'It tells people how much Espresso costs .'
The advertisement is mainly aimed at parents	'students'
What does the writer intend to tell us ? Sex discrimination still exists nowadays .	'Women with brains can also be as successful as men .'
AIDS children can benefit from food rations in that learn skills parents	"""they do n't have to worry about food"""
When a person is badly hurt and is unconscious , he n't feel pain	'can still think'
Los Angeles is called City of   Flowers and Sunshine because 's sunny warm	'many movie stars live there'
Which the following statements about The Eye Tribe is true ? It formed develop commercially practical eye - controlled technology .	'It produces eye - controlled technology for disabled users only .'
Why was Uesbeck very happy when he got the information of the 24 years ' beer bottle ? Because could positive influence life young person .	'Because the two boys could surf the internet together .'
How did the author form her view of life ? Through unfortunate experience .	'Learning from her friends .'
What are nitrates used for ? They keep color meats .	'They help process packaged food .'
According to the passage , Hatshepsut buried together nurse	'was the only queen ever ruling Egypt'
The whale population in the northern Pacific probably part California population	'is different from the California population'
If you go to visit the canyon you 'd better go to South Rim	'the North Rim'
Why did the writer mention his phone call ? To show many people n't nice .	'To tell us he knows little about computer .'
If you want to work outside , you can help the Park Department to plant many trees	'teach students English after school'
According to the passage , listening carefully is very important because make conversations go smoothly	'it can help us find more common interests'
What is the best title of the text ? Flea market treasure finds way home	'A touching story happening in a flea market'
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Sunshine Rainy Day	'Experience a Cheerless Day'
If a car hits you , you should remember car number	'let the driver go because you know how seriously you are hurt'
The examples of the children , the teashop owner , the men waiting for the bus , the women and the shepherds are given to illustrate local people 's curiosity new thing	'the popularity of the man from the telephone department'
Why does a traveler need a passport ? It helps country protect people	'He needs something more to carry when he travels'
Where did Douglas Hewitt get the Christmas tree ? He got father .	'He bought it from a toy shop .'
Some small businesses fail to get a bank loan because clear idea much need borrow	'the amount of money they want to borrow is too big'
The main purpose of making lists is to organize one 's work life reasonably	'divide things into levels of importance'
The driving simulator project at Roosevelt High School is meant to help students understand dangers distracted driving	'teach students how to drive'
After the author overheard her father on the telephone , consulted problem .	'he rediscovered human nature .'
The best title for the passage should be A Famous Book	'John Donne and Dale Carnegie'
What were the four men doing when the little old lady opened the door ? They busy working control room .	"""They were watching television in the ladies ' lavatory ."""
What made the author come back to Tennessee ? Because father ill needs caring .	'Because his father invited him to go fishing .'
How can Dr. Wrangham tell which plants are medicine for chimps ? By studying chimps ' feeding habits .	"""By analyzing the chimps ' favorite food ."""
When children stopped to look at the violinist , their parents would urge continue walking	'would stop to enjoy the music'
The main difference between students in class and a theatre audience is that students must take part teachers ' plays	"""students must keep silent while theatre audience need n't"""
What can we learn about MUMU Grill ? It offers colouring - activities children .	'It has an indoor playground for children .'
If one suffers from Alzheimer trouble memory	"""he ca n't do everyday things on his own"""
What does the author teach us here ? How make speech .	'How to have a clear idea when you speak .'
What was the passengers ' reaction when they arrived in Norfolk ? They thankful relieved .	'They just walked off the plane as if nothing had happened .'
"To rent an eBook online , which of the following goes last ? press "" Rent "" button"	"'select the "" Rent eBooks "" option'"
Marie got a job at that court of Louis XVI because of gift wax modeling	"""Curtius ' recommendation"""
What will you do to your friends according to the passage ? Give encouragement confidence .	'Buy your friend a mirror .'
What do we know about education from the passage ? It helps people achieve want	"""It has little effect on people 's physical ability"""
Night blindness can be caused by little beta - carotene	'wearing incorrect glasses'
What happened to the writer 's sister during the trip ? She lost shoes .	'She got ill in hot weather .'
Why did n't England print its name on stamps ? Because wanted tell us invented .	'Because other countries did the same thing as well .'
Picasso moved from style to style with ease . It means changed style without difficulty	'he showed great interest in other fields of art'
The writer wanted to hide in the mountain cave probably for the reason of boring daily routine feeling lack love	"""her husband 's failing to fix the machine in time"""
"When a person in America asks "" How are you ? "" he or she wants to hear ""   Fine"	"""I do n't know"""
The passage was intended for general readers	'people who like taking sun - bathing'
Why did the author say he was in misery ? Because disappointed love .	"""Because he could n't enjoy his meal ."""
If a mom wants to get rid of Internet addiction , she should try fill empty space life	'talk to online friends'
Which of the following statement is true about the woman in the passage ? The woman able defend .	'The woman held the man over her head .'
A hybrid car is a car that uses gas electric power alternatively	'runs electrically all the time'
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Suggestions healthy lifestyle .	'The best way to take exercise .'
What can we infer from the text ? It 'll hard teens experience climbing .	'Some experience is required of the participants .'
Why do some people like weight lifting ? Because make bodies strong .	"""Because they do n't like other exercises ."""
We normally buy food on the basis color1 texture	'organic variety'
We can infer that Austin Wiershke n't expect would beat Brianna Hendrickson	"""did n't think Brianna Hendrickson would win this time"""
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The global recruitment mostly took place online	'Ben Southall got the job in January'
According to the text , Peek born good memory	'became brain - damaged at 20 months old'
What did the author do when a yellow car drove into the parking space ? He blamed driver .	"""He ran to his friend ' s house for help ."""
Which of the following is NOT one of the benefits of the community garden ? A method ease urban crowdedness	'A sense of involvement and belonging'
As for athletic programs , Tom thinks that may start early morning	'they make most students sleepy'
The crow does n't say a word to the fox because big piece meat mouth	"""she does n't like the fox at all"""
How were the celebrities surveyed in the study ? They took Narcissistic Personality Inventory test .	'They were interviewed by Drew Pinsky and S.Mark Young .'
Who becomes beats 10-second barrier as the first Asian - born ? Tyson Gay .	'Su Bingtian .'
If you leave your bike in a strange place , you should tie tree prevent stolen	'draw a map of the route to help remember where it is'
Mr Jackson did n't leave his fiend 's house because thought house	"""his friend did n't want him to leave"""
Which is the best title for the passage ? Goals help succeed	'A research on setting goals'
Why did Steve and Debbie get separated ? They could n't get along well .	"""They could n't support the children ."""
Habitat 67 built exhibition	'looks like an ancient building'
Whose life did the Scottish farmer save ? Sir Winston Churchill 's .	"""Sir Alexander Fleming 's"""
Why did Zhang Feng invite two reporters to his home ? Because wanted watch film .	'Because he wanted to watch them put out the candles by throwing punches .'
What does Mrs. Black have for breakfast ? An egg milk .	'Rice and vegetables .'
How did the writer get to know the old lady ?     The lady writer 's customer .	"""The writer often played near the lady 's house ."""
What ' s the best title for the text ? My trip Balboa	'My first boat ride'
It is likely that you 'll read this information in Medicine Healthcare Journal	'Daily Health Report'
The shortcoming of an owl 's fixed eyes can be made up by its flexible neck	'large head'
We may infer from the text that the subcontractor might get money back	"""bring charges against the lorry supplier 's son"""
The map is blue , yellow brown	'yellow and green'
Why are the present trauma care systems in some states not satisfactory ? They short financial support .	"""The hospitals ca n't provide low - cost services ."""
In the passage , the author seems to suggest that we should smile people	'practice smiling every day'
The passage is mainly about people travel foreign countries	'different foreign cultures'
We can infer from the passage that Caroline Edmonds     probably research team .	'has learned about the fish in the library .'
William does n't ' show his passport because information read machine	"""he does n't need a passport in that airport"""
The example of English Channel Tunnel shows preparation takes longer time construction	"""it 's not easy to complete a huge project"""
Why did Shu go into the mountains ? He trained doctor .	'He wanted to study snake bites .'
Who must keep their home warm and safe ? Papa monkey	'Mama monkey'
"Which of the following sentences about a "" talking handbag "" is TRUE ? It tell forget something ."	'It has a smart chip and works as a phone .'
How should new parents treat the sleeping charts ? They take reference .	"""They should make their kids ' sleep hours different from it ."""
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? Hayden Panettiere Cried Sea Japan	'People Worldwide Are Against Killing Dolphins'
What 's the best title for the passage ? Two Boxes	'The Yellow Box'
What did n't Tesco do in response to the scandal ? It investigated found cause effect scandal .	'It returned money to customers who bought the beefburgers .'
What was Luo Yang famous for ? He team produced new J-15 fighter successfully .	'He and his team bought the latest carrier fighter .'
Which might be the best title for the passage ? A University degree , key success	'Problems in high school'
What troubles the immigrant parents most is lose position authority families	'that their children have lost sense of their own national values'
Which of the following can inspire people to gain more self - confidence ? One Our Clowns Is Missing .	'A Mother in My Head .'
Usually , before being given a transfusion , person needs receive salt plasma first	'a person needs to find the person with the same blood group as him'
In medical terms , the Internet addiction is official mental disorder	'the unnecessary use of the Internet'
Jane delivered her papers went school	"""with the help of Mr Zimmerman 's car"""
What 's the author 's attitude toward promotion ? Getting promoted costs worthwhile	"""She thinks it 's for the ambitious people"""
The reason why there are many wild cats in Disneyland is that 're allowed act cleaners guards	"""they 're in charge of the cleaning of the park"""
The writer wrote this article to show proud felt daughter 's kindness .	'call upon schools to care more about disadvantaged kids'
What is the best title for this passage ? The Spirit Lei Feng Is Everywhere .	'Lei Feng Is Outdated .'
The author made the gift by matching words pictures	'searching for the poems online'
Bruce did n't have a strong body until took kung fu Master Yip Man	'he returned to the land of his birth'
When the writer arrived at the airport , he wanted to make call friend	'buy a ring for his friend'
Where will the author visit when she wants to buy some beauty products ? www . strawberrynet.com ( US ) .	'A local specialty store .'
What did Mrs. Smith receive   several days before Christmas ? duck	'Some vegetables'
The Cube and the Broadway are similar in the way that both offer homemade drinks	'show arty foreign films'
What was the dream of the writer and Rose when young except that They could marry promising husband	'They could have a family of their own'
What is implied but NOT stated by the author is that every one time spend pleases	'every American is arranging his time in the pattern of a schoolboy'
Man can not prevent the world from being polluted mainly because industry	'people use too many man - made materials'
Ding Junhui did n't feel nervous because regarded practice match	"""he did n't want to win"""
When Doug went out the third time , the woman looked out of the window because she was curious know disturbed	"""unhappy that he did n't enjoy the meal"""
Nick Hancock 's main goal is to challenge previous record living alone Rockall	'protest at oil and gas exploration in the Atlantic'
According to the author     children 's happiness success biggest comfort parents	"""parents are not the center of their children 's universe when children grow up"""
Sally seems to be a good manager because able solve problems	'she has set up a new Blazes'
What does volunteering mean according to the passage ? Help people giving one 's time energy .	'Share items one no longer uses .'
What kind of bamboo flooring is best ? The kind contains formaldehydes .	'The kind that has a beautiful color .'
The purpose of the passage is to explain influences person 's sense humor	'tell readers how to understand jokes'
The whole passage is about people 's attitude toward changes challenges	"""what people think about China 's entry into the WTO"""
Why did Cai 's girlfriend leave him ? She found shame marry shoe shiner .	'Cai had got a new girlfriend .'
Wang Bing is boss ping - pong room	'a ping - pong player'
"How did the waiter know you wanted food ? Put "" green "" side outside ."	'Keep the waiters away .'
From the passage , we know Universal Studios is famous movie company	'an old Hollywood movie'
The author uses the example of J. K. Rowling to show that sometimes failures unavoidable way success	'Harry Potter is the best seller in the world'
Gu chose such a story for his first movie because story experience	'he grew up in Henan province'
Experiments showed that nondrinkers had smaller amounts good cholesterol	'higher blood pressure'
What 's the author 's purpose in encouraging the reader to imagine a sailing experience ? To describe Jesse 's sailing like .	"""To show how wonderful Jesse 's sailing is ."""
A baby 's first noises are expression moods feelings	'an imitation of the speech of adults'
Most American families sometimes get together dinner	'spend a long time eating breakfast .'
The family members threw their food in the dustbin because thought food ruined	"""they did n't like the food with raisins"""
The two major languages spoken in what is now called Great Britain before l066 were Celtic Old English .	'Anglo - Saxon and Germanic'
A barber is a person cut men 's hair	"""shop where one 's hair can be washed and cut"""
To make your humor work , you should address different problems different people .	'take advantage of different kinds of audience'
What is the best title for the passage ? Are You Book Liar ?	'World Book Day'
When hearing his classmates ' stories , the author would admire heart	'would call his grandparents'
The author is most probably from America	'Canada'
The text mainly aims to tell us make $ 10 donation text message	'how to keep our wireless bill safe when making donation'
Why did the small man stay at the party ? He wanted look person whose car front gate .	"'He wanted to say "" Have fun "" to the people at the party'"
We can know that the author from the passage satisfies current situation	'likes spending money'
What is Para . 1 mainly about ? The great impact Internet .	'The popularity of mobile phones .'
What did Goodall 's mother think of her dream ? She could make dream come true determined .	'As a girl she should stay away from violent animals .'
The best title for this passage is Internet : Convenient Tool Communication	'Internet : New Tool to Maintain Good Friendship'
Last Chance to See is a book about searching rare endangered species animals	"""Some stories happening in a Dirk Gently 's Holistic Detective Agency"""
Teamwork is losing ground in workforce mainly because   . workers'sense affected economic recession	"""workers do n't like to work together with others ."""
The law passed in 1997 seemed helpful	'made people like great whites'
In order to reduce better share one 's car ask lifts	"""should n't go to work by car"""
Why did the writer and Chris go to Brisbane ? To visit friend .	'To see kangaroos .'
The author thinks the machine invented by Henry Mill could not be sold because name machine long	'the machine could not be distinguished from print'
Why are 10 appointments to be made ? To make Tanaka Business School leading research -- led business school .	'To make Imperial College among the top 10 universities of the world .'
From the Russian legend we know the dog got punished God	'sees the cat his friend .'
Most people tend to do what others are doing in order to get feeling accepted	'feel a sense of achievement'
According to the author , what matters most in choosing a major is that bring achievements happiness	'it should allow a good job and a high salary'
From the passage , on an adventure trip , people may spend much time sightseeing	"""ca n't learn something"""
Which statement is true ? Dave dictionary .	"""Sally 's backpack is black ."""
Melbourne is well - known in the world for its educational institutions	'beautiful parks and gardens'
The passage is primarily written to encourage people try new product	'illustrate the importance of good sleep habit'
What is the best title for the passage ? Are You A Book Liar ?	'World Book Day'
Which is NOT the effect the rising oil price have on families ? Children parents make acquaintances people .	'Families now stay at home more to have fun .'
Your parents wo n't allow   you to drink dirty water because many germs germs make ill	'dirty water will make you dirty'
Hand and wrist injuries are caused when you move way	'rest your wrists on something'
Mr. Mason works farm	'with Mr. Green'
Why did the writer mention her middle school memory ? To explain failed attempts throw ball back .	'To complain that she had not mastered the ball throwing skills .'
The author thinks music Can connect heart heart	'Is difficult for pre - school students'
The main reason why people fail to act when they stay together is that direct responsibility need help	'others will act if they themselves hesitate'
Budget hotels attract guests mainly because of their low prices	'accommodation conditions'
How did Buster decide which objects to take ? He took best antiques .	'He took those that were easy to carry in his bag .'
How did the volunteers react when smelling something nice and hearing musical notes ? They took deep breath .	'They took a short breath .'
According to the passage , what do the passengers usually see when they are on a long bus trip ? Advertisements billboards .	'Buses on the road .'
What 's the writer 's opinion of daydreaming ? He agrees L. Giambra Eric Klinger .	'He agrees with the early experts in psychology .'
If you want to visit the biggest place where ancient emperors lived in the world , you can go to Beijing	'Siem Reap'
When they arrived at the hotel , they found dinner still served	'no meals were served after seven'
What made the miracle happen ? The girl 's love brother .	"""The girl 's money ."""
"The best title for the passage should be ""   Change always worst"	'The change happening in my life'
The main idea of the passage is that teenagers who drink alcohol likely become victims violence	'are more likely to fight with others'
Which of the following statements do you think agrees with Professor Morgan ? It 's vital importance reduce educational pressure .	"""It 's necessary to treat myopia with an operation ."""
From the passage we can see the most joyful the writer think is seek truth	'to know a great deal just as Socrates'
The best title for the text is How Prepare Safe Travel	'Emergency Help at Home and Abroad'
The passage tells us chiefly about forbidding certain type garbage dumping	'household problems raised by computers and TV sets'
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? A Perfect Place	'A place without war'
Why does the author stress failure in kids ' life ? To help grow tough world .	'To help them develop all social skills .'
Researchers did experiments on kids in order to find out whether mood affects learning ability	'what methods are easy for kids to learn'
What 's the main theme of this passage ? Bargaining disappearing development society .	'The younger generation is good at bargaining .'
It 's clear that writer never talked woman	'the writer often washed the window'
Why did Ms. Leibfried ask the author to recite a passage in front of the class ? To make earn respect classmates .	"'To help deepen her understanding of "" The Bell Jar . ""'"
The main idea of the passage is that improve speaking ability	"""it 's easy to make a short speech"""
How did the author feel when she began studying math at thirteen ? Math difficult learn .	'The math teacher was unreasonable .'
Why did the writer advertise Minnie in the local newspaper ? Because wanted find family .	'Because he wanted to have another dog .'
Why did Rebekah Rousi take 30 lift rides in buildings in Adelaide , Australia ? To make study elevator behavior .	'To experience the ride by elevator .'
If the author 's student comes late for the third time , let / remain outside	'he will tell him / her to take care next time'
Why did the writer call a taxi early in the morning ? He wanted catch plane .	'There were few taxis in town .'
"Recent criticism of Adventures of Huckleberry Finn arose partly from its frequent use "" nigger """	'anti - slavery attitude'
How will Microsoft remind users ofthe stop of XP support ? By sending notices .	'By removing the traditional Start menu .'
Why does the author value the painting so much ? The painting encourages advance .	'The art value of the painting is immeasurable .'
Nalewanski and Stanley put their wet shirts around their mouths and noses in order to      . stop smoke going lungs	'let people find them'
Teens wants to try drugs because n't know harm drugs	"""they are n't curious about drugs"""
The German scientist 's findings showed that Krebs unusual brain	'had worked hard at languages'
The writer implies that Butterfly Valley is open travellers year around	'well known for yoga practices and music session'
The boy caught a mockingbird because wanted sing	'he had just got a cage'
Why do people tend to follow the trend to casual dining ? Busy schedules leave people time formality	'Family members need more time to relax .'
From the passage , we know that Xiu Li wealthiest woman entrepreneur Britain .	"""does n't like Mr Hawken ."""
The members of royal family of England live in Buckingham Palace	'British Museum'
Beane uses sabermetrics to discover talented baseball players	'realize his dream of being the top player'
The people of Bali lived happy peaceful life	'fought for a long time'
What topic is Nicholas Carr 's new book mainly concentrating on ? Whether minds influenced Internet .	'How the Internet changes our way of thinking .'
"We can use the expression "" has his / her nose in the air "" to describe someone proud /"	'who often makes a situation bad'
What would be the best title for this passage ? The Shenzhou Olympics .	"""China 's Shenzhou Program ."""
The writer 's cousin always goes bed late	'feels relaxed in he morning'
What Sheila Sisulu said suggested that Nelson Mandela never lost hope life	'Nelson Mandela was quite different from American youth when young'
What is the new challenge to American agriculture ? Fewer older farmers .	'Higher fuel prices .'
What is the book about according to the passage ? How make website interactive dynamic .	'How to configure PHP and more .'
Which of the following can greatly influence our success in our daily life according to the passage ? Our interpersonal skills .	'The skills of making a decision .'
The Eiffel Tower was controversial because n't match historic buildings Paris	'some historic buildings had to be removed'
What made the author feel better ? Her daughter ' words .	"""Her husband ' s words ."""
What should we do when we catch a cold ? We rest well , drink much water medicine .	'We only take some medicine .'
"By saying "" Teaching is in my blood "" in Paragraph 2 , the author means that loves teaching life"	"""she did n't want to retire at all"""
How did Anne come to work at the Kellers ' home ? recommended university professor .	'She met Mr. Keller while studying at university .'
William Zhou thinks education needs changed	'people may end up giving up without CHALK'
Staples are items that people constant need	"'people "" want but do n\'t need ""'"
What is the main cause of the family 's bad situation ? Their RV could n't move snow .	"""They could n't find their way ."""
The passage mainly tells us   People kind communicate .	'Things can be changed by removing snow .'
From the passage , we can learn that special ordering services offered	'the food served remains the same'
In what way did Mrs. Thompson change ? She cared educating students .	'She taught fewer school subjects .'
Mr Brown was afraid thieves would take bag away	'to put down his bag near the door'
Which of the following films are based on true - life stories ? Out Africa & A Cry Dark .	'The Bridges of Madison County & Mamma Mia'
Animals ' living on generation after generation depends on natural action pattern experience	'their experience in particular environments'
The author thinks that President Ford ordinary - looking man	'got into more trouble than the other presidents'
The study in Minnesota shows that starting morning school one hour later helps to improve students ' achievements	"""change teenagers ' sleep needs"""
According to the author , fashions serve all the following purposes EXCEPT signaling change personal beliefs	'displaying membership in a social group'
If you are a business traveler , you want to save money . What should you do ? You 'd better stay one night go home Saturday	"""You 'd better fly during the week and spend your weekends at home ."""
What would be the best title for the passage ? Water crisis	'Areas with a water crisis'
Which of the following activities lasts for the longest time ? The World Shakespeare Festival .	'The London Wine Week .'
Why was hemp banned in many countries of the world ? It related marijuana plant .	'It can be used to produce marijuana .'
According to the passage , what makes students more likely to get colds ? Not getting enough sleep .	'No having time to exercise .'
Francisco Lopez and Ruby Nostrant are monitoring global warming by tracking early spring blooms local plants	'watching early spring blooms and changes in animals'
All water comes from clouds	'water'
How did Big Ben get its name ? Big Ben got name joke .	'Big Ben got its name from the Queen of the UK .'
"If your friend says,""My heart bleeds for you"",she may care much"	'have a heart trouble'
We may learn from the text that young Bush successful politician like father	'did everything as his father had done'
Where can you add credit to your Visitor Oyster card ? At Tube station ticket office .	'At Gatwick Express ticket offices .'
The writer hopes that all the members of the class will work together make better class	'develop better talents and skills'
The new smart camera is different from the ones in many homes because it can recognize faces	'protect the owner'
Ten minutes later , the passenger did n't get the water because air hostess kept busy forgot	"""there was n't enough water on the plane"""
From the passage , we can know that as a child Jobs tried go hobbies	'worked in the garage to support himself'
According to the text , boys ' friendship usually built around active play	'can bear mutual hurt between friends'
Why was the blind man excited about being in Texas ? He heard everything bigger better Texas .	'People from Texas were very friendly than he expected .'
Fishermen throw the sharks back into the sea after catching them to make higher profits	'drop useless shark meat'
Why did the writer ride a bicycle to Jinghai Bar that evening ? We quite sure really going .	'Because she wanted to attend a party on time .'
What 's the main idea of this passage ? The urge carbon trading platforms .	'The choking smoke in China .'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the story ? The lucky dog .	'The rising water .'
How can timing compound problems ? Waiting long make worse wo n't believe mean .	'Waiting for a few days before you write will show your sincerity .'
A reader subscribed Parents(r)3 months ago , but now he finds the magazinedissatisfying . What can he do ? He cancel get money back without answering questions .	'He can email them to access his bank account to get all his money back .'
"Which of the following best explains why Waters was awarded the title""Education Hero "" ? She brought school children new relationship land food ."	'Her principles had brought great benefits to farmers .'
Why was the duck kept after school according to the passage ? Because ran slowly	"""he was n't good at swimming"""
There were many beautiful purple lilacs small hill	"""in the young woman 's garden"""
. What does the passage mainly talk about ? Why I love reading ?	'Why do things happen for the best ?'
According to the research , while crossing the street the most dangerous activity for apedestrian is texting messages	'talking on a phone'
Mount Kilimanjaro is     free - standing mountain	'the highest mountain in the world'
The passage wants to tell us 's important understand people	'the people in the church are very kind'
When the writer walked with his father , felt shy walking father	'he thought it pleasant to help his father'
"What can be learned about the book "" Extra - Sensory Perception "" and "" the Ganzfield Experiments "" ? They failed prove existence ESP scientifically ."	'The writer and the experiment operators lost their fame eventually .'
The main purpose of the passage is to tell women make safe enjoyable trip	'how to meet new people when traveling'
He failed to get the ticket on Friday because tickets sold	'it was impossible to make the round trip to the theatre in 45 minutes'
What problem do parents of small kids have to face ? The ever - rising child care prices .	'The selection of a good daycare center'
Which book will give you a practical understanding of the USA ? Freedom	'Cleopatra : A Life'
The writer began this passage by asking you a question because wanted make readers interested passage	'Shakespeare is one of the most famous people in the world'
When she was at the medical school , Blackwell made great effort well lessons	'felt sorry that she was a woman'
Why did Coffman request an investigation ? To see deliberate cover - problem .	'To make sure that the school principals were innocent .'
Why was the kit sent for ? Selling greeting cards .	'Sending greeting cards .'
What made the boy get back home ? His father 's words photo .	'His father found him .'
The main conflict between the writer and her mother is about whether she make decisions	'should live with her mom or her dad'
Why did n't the boy have the meal ? He wanted help old man .	'He saw a sandwich in the meal box .'
The UFO was seen several people	'to have a yellow bottom and a red top in the same way'
In the old days , Chinese people thought that dreams could suggest lucky unlucky things	'were always different from the facts'
Which of the following is TRUE about the teenagers today in Britain ? Their owning things wo n't last long .	'They tend to have cars of higher qualities .'
The man spent Christmas day feeling miserable because unable walk , enjoy celebrations hospital	"""he thought he might also miss the New Year 's Eve celebration"""
The passage mainly talks about USA 's new plan space exploration	'how to build a base on the moon'
Why did the children love to live in the thin tents ? Because worried might another earthquake .	'Because the rooms in the building are used to house guests .'
Mr. King goes to the dinner party , but people in the room do n't look at him , because wearing old clothes	'he is wearing his new clothes'
Which could be the best title ? Success lies hands	'A lesson hard life teaches me'
According to the passage , if you want to be successful , the first thing for you to do is to careful everything	'have a clear goal'
Mike decided to fool his friends because April Fools ' Day	'they were talking about the test'
The traveller sat by the seed 's side to rest enjoy shade .	'talk with the big tree'
The purpose of writing the article is to explain hardly walk strictly straight line	'prove that ears and eyes help us to walk straight'
Children whose parents lived up to 80 or above seem to heart advantage	'suffer a heart attack'
Young people like Hip - hop dancing because invent moves	'many young black people often dance it'
Why can we still see during the day when the sky is cloudy ? Because ca n't see night .	"""Because the sun ca n't give us light all day long ."""
According to the author , St . James 's Park is worth a visit because many attractive birds lake	'visitors can see the State Carriages and Coaches there'
Why should we get rid of our negative beliefs ? They stop us starting new future .	'The past and the future are different .'
"What does the author mean by saying "" small drops of water make a big ocean "" ? Think twice taking action ."	"""It 's important to save every drop of water ."""
What can we learn from the passage ? Super financial institutions broken .	"""Wall Street bankers manage people 's money well ."""
What can we learn from the passage ? A happy family make many problems go away .	'Looking for a job can make trouble .'
As a volunteer in Special Holiday Delivery , where should you go to distribute food to the old this year ? The Campus Hall	'The office of Volunteer Outreach Department'
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? A Possible Alternative Plastic	'The Harm of One - time Products'
The purpose of creating Pndt d'Arc Cavern is to offer visitors chances view wonderful artwork	'collect money for the perseverance of the Chauvet Cave'
What is the purpose of the hair on your head ? Keep head warm .	'Protect your eyes form sweat'
According to the writer of the letter , college is a time one needs learn independent	'during which one has little free time'
What is the message of the story ? Talking something familiar gives confidence communication .	'Answering questions in class makes you better understood by classmates .'
After graduation , Erik Nilsson first planned to become conflict zone reporter America	'work for China Daily'
When the earth stops shaking , you should check around first	'run out of the building at once'
What is the best title of the passage ? Googling Oneself Is Popular	"""Do n't Google Yourself Online"""
Judy Foreman copied down the phrase because she thought beautifully written	'decided to write it on a warehouse wall'
The passage is intended for employers	'job - hunters'
Which is the place for people to spend time with others according to the passage ? Shopping malls	'Small stores'
"According to passage , why does the author end the passage with the English saying "" You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar "" ? The author wants prove encouragement always better strategy criticism comes charity ."	'The author wants to criticize those billionaires who are not willing to give away their fortunes and not caring about the poor and the less fortunate .'
With 3 G , you can do the following EXCEPT make computer run faster	'make facetoface video telephone calls'
What did Tim want to do after learning about Imagination Library ? Do something similar .	'Write books for children .'
Which is the best title of the passage ? Hard Work Paid Off	"""Jeremy Lin 's School Life"""
The reason why an earthquake happens is that two pieces surface move past	'the pieces of the surface are moving slowly'
It 's clear that Dear Amy answers letters students	'helps students who want to run away from home'
If the neocortex is larger , the animals larger social group	'have a smaller social group'
What do we know about the writer ? He successful business	'He looked down upon the girl because she had no arms and legs'
"It can be inferred from the context that the "" Hip side "" ( Line 4.Para.2 ) refers to     disadvantages married"	'the emotional problems arising from marriage'
The researchers believe the monkey that made the wrong choice also knew correct answer	'had the worst memory'
Why did the writer hurry home to finish the essay for the contest NASA held ? She wanted write flashed mind time .	'She knew from Mrs. Estevez the deadline for the contest was approaching .'
This advertisement will be very helpful to foreign business people	'China Daily reporters'
Which of the following will help you know about the writer of Harry Potter ? Magic Beyond Words : The J.K. Rowling Story .	'The Adventures of Tom Thumb and Thumbelina .'
From the passage we know that the author wants to choices	'watch more sports'
Nick Rose and Jordan Mayo set up their website for the purpose of helping students improve writing	'helping students to cheat in exams'
Morning sunlight can help the air plant produce young plants faster	'become half the size of the parent plant'
Which of the following is true according to the story ? The man mistook one fork one .	'The man became mad after he was in the room .'
"If the story appears in a newspaper , the best title might be ""   Bring Home Seriousness Greenhouse Effect"	'The Greenhouse Effect Has Been Proved by Kids'
What does the writer suggest when you feel you are losing your voice ? Asking professional singer help .	'Keeping on talking rather than use a paper to write notes .'
Which of the following can be the best titles of this passage ? Seasteading : new idea living	'Patri Friedman : a crazy day dreamer'
How people greet in many countries ? shaking hands	'by bowing'
What is the writer 's purpose in writing the passage ? To show respect special teacher .	'To tell us his story of overcoming difficulties .'
What is Mr. Martin ? He doctor .	'He lives in New York .'
Which would be the best title for this passage ? The return American prairie	'Great changes in raising bison in America'
What brings the robot so much attention on the YouTube ? It never loses game humans .	'It plays online games much better than any human .'
Jean Wilton Anderson studied high school 3 years	'drives her own car at the age of 16'
How did Jimmy feel on hearing the interviewer 's question ? There hope get job .	'He regretted helping the old man .'
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? It 's terrible thing get sick strange country .	'You should employ a travel doctor who travels with you .'
What did NOT the boy learn from this trip ? To excellent leader .	'To be a kind and hard - working man .'
Why should kids drink milk every day ? Because enough calcium .	'Because it can limit their screen time .'
Why was Banff National Park built ? Because hot mineral springs found Banff .	'Because there were no national parks in Canada then .'
To go for the cruise , pupils need to forms filled	'be Geography Club members'
What happened to Ladybug when the family celebrated Hanukkah that year ? She fur burnt .	'She broke the candles on the menorah .'
Bill goes to sleep because 's tired	"""he does n't know where he can go"""
Many students have fallen asleep in class because watch TV late	'they play the computer games late into the night'
What happened after he had picked a few sweet reddish mangoes ? He remained hanging helplessly tree .	'He shouted loudly for help but no one helped .'
Empathy can be used in the following situations EXCEPT that mathematician calculating area farmland	'when people are reading a story with a frightening ending'
Mark Twain liked to play jokes on others	'old men'
Which can be the best title of the passage ? Growing roots	'Watering trees'
The followings are TRUE except His works farmers .	'He has a big influence on Chinese contemporary literature .'
What lesson does the story want to tell us ? It makes feel better tell hide .	"""It 's dangerous to play with a slingshot on a farm ."""
According to the passage , the author satisfied achievements .	'was not able to find a full - time job'
According to the passage , placebos . real drugs	'may make patients feel worse'
In 1880 , Chekhov studied medicine Moscow University	'published his most memorable stories'
What do employers think of the graduates with different skill sets and knowledge in many areas ? They willing take difficult tasks .	'They must have attained a double major or even a double degree .'
Which sentence is right according to the passage ? Mother Wolf takes care man 's baby .	'Mowgli is frightened when he lies in a cave .'
According to the passage , a good teacher should be one who is to train students ' ability learn	'teach his students everything he knows'
If you smile at people , 'll think 're friendly	"""they 'll think you 're crazy"""
Which of the following things did Dr James Naismith NOT do ? Take part Olympic Games .	'Teach P.E in school .'
It Might as Well Be Spring is a song that written two people	'is sung by Ella Fitzgerald'
Why are young planets like LkCa 15b hard to discover ? Their stars brighter ..	'They rarely form .'
The grandson makes a lot of noise as never thinks people might happy much noise around	'he likes to listen to the radio at night'
If you want to street dance , you do n't need to ask parents dance	'wear comfortable clothes'
People of different vocabulary levels can play the game because changes levels performance	'it meets the needs of people in different fields'
On Mother 's Day and Father 's Day , people usually family parties	"""children always go to parents ' home"""
Heidi Hackemer began the Six Items or Less experiment because she wanted to fight custom overspending clothes	'reexamine her life and be happy'
The information above is about invention award	'a famous inventor'
The author seems to advise readers mind first impressions	'to pay no attention to the halo effect'
Neftali Ricardo Reyes Basolto took the pen name Pablo Neruda because wanted prevent father knowing publication	'he was greatly influenced by other poets'
The Forbidden City is a palace	'city'
The author 's purpose in writing the text is to show love parents	'describe how beautiful her quilt is'
The two new whale sharks     Asian names	'arrived at the aquarium at 3:30 am'
Why did the woman usually keep silence while taking the bus ? She difficulty expressing .	'She was only interested in the bus driver .'
How did the young man help the old man ? He asked waitress give glass juice change .	'He took a picture with the old man to remind others to help him .'
According to the passage the old man forgot pay inn money	'to tell the owner when he left'
In writer 's opinion , girl - guy friendships    quite interesting accepted moregirls .	'are impossible for most boys and girls .'
Why are we humans the most developed of all living beings ? We controlled circumstances benefit .	'We have common sense and usually think logically .'
What does the author do if something disappoints him ? He refer famous persons ' failure stories .	'He will think of some famous failures in his life .'
By touching things , tell difference things	'you will learn how to reach out your hand'
What suggestion does the author offer to parents ? Avoiding much intervention children 's education .	'Rethinking the value of higher education .'
The writer`s father didn`t give the money to the man directly , because didn`t want let man feel embarrassed	'he wanted to show what a kind man he was'
When he looks at a boy in a certain way , that boy     goes red face could return grandfather 's look .	"""looks back at my grandfather 's red face"""
"By saying "" it was n't the story at all "" , the author means that His attitude life inspired students"	"""He should n't have told the story"""
According to the passage , Monae Walker good time	'read books with her parents'
What is the main idea of the text ? It makes American .	'Being a Mexican is hard in America .'
"The reason why the""old rich""look down upon the'new rich'is that latter sweat make money"	"'the""old rich""are conscious of being members of the upper class'"
"The sentences "" But she always hides them behind a pair of black glasses . "" Really means often shy"	"""she does n't want others to see her eyes"""
Why did they choose to take a first class flight ? Because extremely tired	'Because they wanted to enjoy the first class service .'
Why did the author think that she could never learn how to drive a car ? Because country women never drive .	"""Because her husband did n't know how to teach her ."""
Who raised the idea of washing other people 's cars for free ? The writer 's 10-year - old daughter	"""One of the writer 's neighbors ' kids ."""
What is Kennedy 's promise to the world ? To support liberty .	'To abolish all forms of human poverty .'
Zhang Fei and Tony Green are class	'in an English school'
Which of the following is true about the author ? She 's living happy life family	'She likes to have a shower every day .'
Who first had the idea to organize the Garbage - Men band ? Ollie Gray	'Jack Berry'
What is true about economic expansion ? It may lead social problems .	'It guarantees a better life for us .'
"The best title for the passage would be ""   Culture shock experienced Japanese student"	'Why not make friends with the British'
What will a well - programmed robot do when facing an unusual situation ? Do sufficient testing taking action .	'Stop to seek advice from a human being .'
When reading reviews if the eye creams , you should notice function products	'know of the quantity of the products'
Bergqvist designed and built the world 's first igloo hotel because believed people would enjoy trying something new	'more hotel rooms were needed'
What are Jamie Oliver 's secrets about ? Cooking eating .	'Where to buy healthy food .'
While making tremendous achievements at college , Asian - American students still worry unfair treatment society	'are afraid that their academic successes bear a strong Asian character'
What does the author think of ' Everyone in the school has a different timetable . ' ? He worried .	"""He could n't understand the timetable ."""
Two NASA 's spaceships land different sides Mars	'will enter orbit around Mars'
The author mentioned smoking in the text to discuss danger friends	"""friends ' influence on habits"""
Which of the following statements about Tony is TRUE ? He worked hard always complained .	'Nobody liked Tony because of his bad temper .'
"By "" Language is their life "" , the author means that children practice new language lot"	"""ca n't live without language"""
What does this passage mainly talk about ? bright stars	'Michael Jackson'
The old woman is satisfied with Colin because keep quiet	'he gets home on time'
Which of the following books focuses on discovering your unknown potential ? The Memory Book	'How to Become a Straight - A student'
The text intends to tell us that high temperatures may cause food shortages	'the ways to adapt to high temperatures'
Who do you think is the most foolish in this passage ? The barber .	'The young boy .'
What does the red line on the screen show ? The user 's eating speed .	'The user is full .'
As a good tourist , you should sense public manners	'jump the line and take off the shoes in public'
Which one is RIGHT ? A lice Zhang Yue class .	'Zhang Yue likes red .'
What does Jean 's uncle teach him ? To grateful small things life .	'To have a good family .'
How do you do to make real friends ? You share , help understand .	'Friend in need is a friend indeed .'
Which is NOT the secret of long life ? A simple way eating .	'A simple way of life .'
Which of the following is true according to the text ? The parks big enough hold visitors .	'Only buses are allowed to enter the parks .'
Dou Yi , from Beijing , works hard on chemistry by Both A C	'asking a chemistry teacher for help'
We can say for sure according to the passage that writer person curious shooter	'the shooter is a strong man with a pair of rough hands'
What is the advantage of handheld robots compared to other tools ? They new level freedom perform task .	'They are more dependent on the users .'
We can infer from the passage that uncle seemed know everything ahead time	'the uncle had an ugly face'
We failed in the test because we did n't think carefully	'show interest in what Mr. Whiteson said'
What is the text mainly about ? Fish dieting .	'Fish dieting and human dieting .'
It was one of the author 's happiest times because received bachelor 's degree	'she became a good wife and got two jobs'
The purpose of this passage is to attract readers come IOW	'show the development of tourism on the IOW'
We may infer from the passage all of the following EXCEPT that young men willing cooperate face difficulties	'many were concerned about the influence these young men could make'
When you feel too nervous in a test , you may fail test	'feel very relaxed'
From the passage we can know Chinese people also people throughout world support people disaster	"""people have n't begun to rebuild their home yet"""
What is the major problem for those who live in the countryside ? Having gardens take care .	'Suffering heavy traffic on the road .'
According to the text , Lincoln city produced arrows past	"""has one of the world ' s most famous universities"""
Why do pet dogs love performing tricks for their masters ? To show willingness obey .	'To win leadership of the dog pack .'
Keira Knightly plays Elisabeth	'Depp and Bloom'
What can we know about the author ? She got married Czechoslovakia .	'She was given an unhappy home .'
After the Civil War , there was a great demand in Britain for      Southern manuscripts letters	'Signatures of George Washington and Ben Franklin'
If you want to be a member of the Club , you must permitted parent	'have a big sum of money'
From the article , which of the following may NOT cause sleeping problems ? Reading book late night .	'Playing with digital devices before sleeping .'
What can be learnt about the name Richard Parker ? lt seemed connected strange coincidences .	'It was chosen on purpose by Allan Poe .'
What is Zhu Zheqin 's idea about Chinese traditional music ? It needs changes attract young people .	'Only old musicians play it well .'
The other lady showed her sincerity   to Thea by insisting lending cell phone Thea	'helping Thea to answer the phone'
When Mike washed his hands , never washed clean	'he used soap and water'
What did Grandma think of the bees at first ? They noisy .	'They were helpful to the garden .'
What makes the blobfish stay afloat ? Their skin .	'Their swim bladder .'
We can learn from this passage that Americans travel lot cars	'spend a lot of money traveling by car'
Since Musa began to use the computer , he     improved ability cure diseases	'has learned to use plants to treat his patients'
How does the food taste when it is eaten in a noisy environment ? Less salty crunchier .	'Sweeter and saltier .'
What was Valderzak doing when the earthquake happened ? . He hospital end talking children .	'He was receiving treatment for his hearing loss .'
According to the passage , which may be the beggar 's plan for the future ? To write books try get published .	'To keep on writing on the Internet and publicize his writings .'
During his flight Glenn could     get touch people land	'visit the tracking stations'
The best title of the passage is The importance Rivers	'Rivers in Cities'
The new report clearly benefits the women suffering heart disease	'aspirin side effects'
Which of the following is TRUE according to the article ? The author really sorry made serious mistake .	"""The author thought her punishment should n't be so serious ."""
What 's the best title of the passage ? Blue Monday .	"""New Year 's Resolutions ."""
The writer still bought the pack of Smarties to praise son 's good deed .	'give it to the little girl some day'
The writer shares her private story in order to help might suffer cancer like	'tell women how important it is to be a healthy mother'
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Global warm putting animals humans risk .	'Polar bears are expanding at a high speed .'
The main idea of this passage is that heart surgery by robots may replace surgery done doctors	'was developed at Ohio State University'
When Amy gets back , she puts glasses	'takes off her glasses'
Which commercial usage of the Internet does the author NOT refer to ? Applying credit card .	'Internet shopping'
The best title for the story is Maria 's garden	'A beautiful garden'
When the second farmer first found a shining stone , he found special brought home	'felt sorry for what he had done to the first farmer'
Traditionally , someone would write his autobiography when older achieved lot	'they became famous'
The ocean animals ' change in size relates size ancestors	'is fully explained by the new study'
Which of the following is NOT the camp leader 's intension   ? To punish boy stealing .	'To teach the boy not to steal .'
According to Sam Kavanagh , American team face great challenge	'disabled people should exercise more to win'
"What does the underline word""it "" refer to ? Amos ' new house"	"""Amos ' old house"""
What can we learn from the writer 's example ? We make every effort turn dream reality .	'Wealth always comes after a great effort .'
The best title of this passage is Way Make Friends	'Way to Make Cakes'
Susan stormed into jack 's office to tell Jack that one show others respect kindness	'she would treat him the way he treated her'
The writer wrote the text to tell us neighborhood kind - hearted        .	'the boy was found safe and sound .'
Celebration mentioned in the passage is a community promoting socialization	'downtown area with high buildings'
"By "" permissive period in education "" ( L.1 , Para.2 ) the author means a time children allowed wish"	'when children are permitted to receive education'
We may infer that the author believes people should take anything face value	'make use of half - truths'
Which of the following would be the best title of the passage ? The value life .	'The reality of life .'
How do the students of Class 5 , Grade 3 make 800 Yuan ? They sold books .	'They sold their schoolbags .'
Dirty bodies can cause disease	'cause good health'
In the author 's opinion , a person has many books at home only to impress others fact loves reading	'show that his father is a learned person'
Which of the following is NOT true about Jim ? He boy handicapped needed lots patience .	'He held a positive attitude to life despite his great difficulty in learning .'
Hua Mandarin is the name of a summer camp	'Chinese course'
Where was the straw ?    At man 's home .	'In the shop .'
What happened to his plan three weeks before the trip ? The author could n't make trip .	'The room reservation was canceled .'
Shi Jia cosplayed Curarpikt greatly attracted role	"""because it 's her secret hobby"""
The city council of Edinburgh rejected the suggestion to open a huge landfill site near Portobello because local people	'the council was not interested in it'
Hawaii is a name attracting lot travelers	'given by people who like to travel'
What is a good title for the passage ? Young Women 's Great Contributions Science	'Preparations for High School Students Before College'
What can be the best title for the text ? New England 's dark day .	'Tree rings and scientific discovery .'
People behave honestly under watchful gaze of eyes because 've got nature evolution	'they take the photo for a real pair of eyes'
Who invented Mahjong ? Unsure	'People of Shanghai'
According to the ban , if the guests are found carrying selfie - sticks during the routine bagcheck , they may put trunk cars	'abandon them at the bag check'
What is the passage mainly about ? Some young Olympic champions .	'How to train young Olympic athletes .'
Why did the author write the text ? To describe experiences exchange program .	'To explain how exchange study programs work .'
Why does the author think he ca n't seng his autographs ? Because thinks dong movie stars .	'Because he thinks his writing is not good enough'
What would be the best title for the text ? All Nap	'A Special Sleep Pattern'
What do Sullivan and Tim Shannon think of teenagers ' sending messages ? They think children text properly .	'They think parents should text for children .'
At what time does Metrorail stop service on Saturday ? 3 a. m.	'at 7 p. m.'
The heaviest pain and suffering caused by accidents and illness are financial losses	'loss of time'
When you realize you have made a mistake , learn lesson mistake .	'you should find a way to bring joy to others .'
Mr. Mason wants to give Bob dog	'take the dog to a big city'
Where is London 's Chinatown now ? Not far Leicester Square .	'In the east of London'
According to the passage , the writer thinks It necessary talk strangers	'he can talk with strangers freely'
What do we know about Valeriana Officinalis ? It well received health benefits .	'It is also called Valerian Root Extract .'
Why did the author lie to the man and refuse his help in the beginning ? Because thought man might bad man .	'Because she thought the man was a mad man .'
What do Chinese students work hard for according to Lucy Ding ? For parents teachers .	'For money .'
What do we need to improve ourselves according to the author ? Our power .	'Our character .'
Thomas played the lead role in The Last Region	'Love Actually'
The passage is mainly about effect social economic changes people 's eating habits	'why Americans prefer natural food'
What can we know about the couple 's relationship ? They used misunderstandings .	"""They were quite sure of each other 's love ."""
Which of the following is a sign of China 's self - motivated fight against climate change ? Making part China 's 13th Five - Year Plan .	'Donating money to developing countries .'
Someone hears and writes English very well , but he speaks it very badly . This is because often hesitates practice speaking .	"""he does n't understand the language when he hears it spoken"""
A friend of the writer 's drew the horses way rule	'in the way of western rule'
Which of the following is practiced in the author 's company ? Recycling paper resources whenever possible .	'Buying birds and pets as company for the staff .'
Robert stopped watching TV because he wanted to get money	'play computer games'
To enjoy the program , a child should go to a school that is nearest	'free'
Which of the following about the author 's father is true ? He achieved great success expense health .	'He gained much pleasure from his work .'
Why does the living room look different ? There many decorations .	'There is a birthday cake .'
The need of a dying patient for people to accompany him shows wish communication people	'his fear of death'
Mr. Williams continued driving at the crossing because n't stop	"""he did n't see any sign there ."""
The passage mainly intends to tell us that keep promise whatever happens .	'helping others is helping ourselves .'
Which article can NOT be found in the last issue of the 2010 - 11 school year ? An article notes taken chteens@weeklyreader.com .	'An article on how to improve personality and maintain mental health .'
From what Bobby did , we can see that he was promoted only because concerned businessman	'he knew details about the watermelon market'
We can know that the new coffee plant much higher production	'produces coffee of a different taste'
Compared with a computer desktop , a laptop easy carry	'less energy efficient'
The passage is mainly about deal interview	'how to show your interest in the job'
What would be the best title of the passage ? Time Management	'Time and Habits'
What is the best title for the passage ? Customs London	'Afternoon Tea in London'
What is the message the writer wants to convey in the passage ? Moments joy suggest still hope ahead .	'One should learn to enjoy hard times .'
Rubin 's study shows that for emotional support a married woman is more likely to   turn to female friend	'a male friend'
Why can not people visit Blenheim Palace all the year round ? The 11th Duke Marlborough still lives .	'Repairs are badly needed for the palace .'
Few people would have died if     incident happened weekend	'people chose to stay'
They know that things were n't right at home . It means that they know Bob food give	'Bob could open the door'
What difference did the wallet make to Glenn ? He recalled long forgotten .	'He got back his lost car as well'
Children who often eat with their families turn better studies	'show concerns about families'
What fact does the writer mainly tell us about treatment in the passage ? Many people treated unequally life .	"""People do n't need to be treated equally in their life ."""
The writer worked as a waitress in the restaurant in order to make money	'search for a glass ring'
The different prices of the iPad are determined by size memory	'the Wi - Fi wireless connection'
From the passage we can infer that creating jobs must changed	'industrial age has made many people unable to live without full - time jobs'
What effect does the idea of virtual water have ? It helps us make use water scientifically .	'It tells us how much water we use a day .'
Why does Lindsey suggest schools put recycling bins in classrooms ? To help protect earth .	'To help protect wild animals .'
The main purpose of the passage is to introduce must - see sights St. Petersburg	'persuade artists to study St. Petersburg'
The writer suggests that the school should Chinese classes help students learn Chinese .	'ask students to communicate in Chinese .'
Though Malay is Malaysia 's national language , English also popular language	'over half of its population speak Chinese'
From the text we can know that author 's children kind friendly man	'John Hopkins Hospital provided rooms for the patients to live in'
According to the text , young Louis interested medicine	'made a living by working for a chemist'
According to this passage , a student who listens attentively and take notes in class may intelligence student	'will not be a good student'
One of the advantages of telecommuting is that you can work schedule	'work for several employers'
Some people like to visit old castles because they like history	'traveling'
This passage mainly tells us colour choose summer clothes	'right colours for boys'
We can infer from the passage that Barack Obama well educated .	'the two leading candidates represent different parties .'
In David Graddol ' s opinion , English will lose dominant position	'be more important than any other language'
We can infer from the passage that the author felt surprised win competition	'loved poster competitions very much'
In the Royal Voluntary Service , volunteers can communicate older people	'work part - time only'
Guy Grant chose to work as a researcher at Cambridge in order to exploit better intellectual opportunities	'enrich his experience in medical research'
The best title for this passage would be Animals Are Parents Too	'A Mother Dog and Her Puppies'
What can we infer about the hospital ? It strict rules visiting hours .	"""The nurses and doctors there do n't work hard ."""
What is most likely the reason why Lego still remains popular ? Old Lego bricks may still connected new ones .	'The material for the bricks has proved to be safe .'
Professional wrestlers ' main aim is to excite audience	'win the match'
When taking a pet on a trip , a pet owner    make plans leaving home	'should travel by bus instead of plane'
What do we learn from the story ? Dig deep instead wandering elsewhere .	'Treasure a farm with a river running across it .'
To enjoy food , you can go to Borough Market	'Kensington High Street'
Robin Cook resigned from his post because he could n't accept government 's decision join coming war Iraq	'was not allowed to make any changes to Parliamentary democracy'
Yuan Longping won the World Food Prize because developed world 's first popular widely grown hybrid rice	'he likes to eat hybrid rice'
As a medical assistant , your duties might NOT include providing customer service	'recording health information'
The passage tells us the facts about A Brief History of Time EXCEPT that included Hawking 's four life lessons become genius	'it spent 147 weeks on the New York Times Best Seller List'
Why did n't they file a divorce before they were at the age of 70 ? Because n't wish affect children 's - bringing .	'Because they wanted to make their divorce open .'
Which means of transport is NOT available during the special period ? Ferry .	'Train .'
It can be inferred that Earthwatch Institute could be organization brings science life people concerned earth 's environment	'a travel agency that organizes adventure trips specially for school children'
The Earth has fewer craters moon	'a thinner atmosphere than the moon'
The passage is mainly about how to become fluent speaking writing English	'deal with new words in reading'
How did the author regain the painting ? One former colleagues found .	'Audrey found it for her .'
The article is written beginning school season	'during the summer break'
What is the writer 's purpose in writing the passage ? To advise us love .	'To encourage us to recycle old things .'
According to the passage , the students can ask teachers help ca n't get well family members .	'join all kinds of clubs and sports to get good grades in exams'
When you join a large beach volleyball team , you 'll feel light - hearted playing	'improve your volleyball skills'
Whose mother is n't feeling well ? Kate 's	"""Sam 's ."""
What caused the prices of houses to increase in Australia ? The excessive development charges .	"""The rising family 's income ."""
We can learn from the passage that Jenny and her father hard time understanding	'are separated due to the generation gap'
What did the old man and children ask the young man for ? Food .	'Coins .'
He wanted to see a good doctor because feeling bad	'a good doctor was very expensive'
What is the reason why Johann Beringer was fooled ? His colleagues envied destroy fame .	'His fellow scientists wanted to make fun of him .'
What did the first group of Russian students do in China ? They visited cities painted countries ' landmarks .	'They had language contests .'
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Undercover Marketing .	'Lorenzo Bertolla Sweaters .'
Anne wants to tell Tom that apology better late never	'he should think twice before he gets angry'
When the headmaster came in , Bob      . lying sofa	'was sitting on the sofa'
Why did Tom give up studying ? It 's cool boys age care studies .	'There were too many subjects in his secondary school .'
What can be the best title of the text ? A father - daughter bond , one photo time	'Believe it or not : photos do change'
Knowing Nothing wrote a letter to Betty to ask advice	'tell Betty some good news'
According to the passage , all of the following factors may affect our emotion , EXCEPT dreams	'our self - esteem'
Tom goes to bed late sometimes , so ca n't wake morning	"""he 's late for school"""
What question did thousands of people ask Dan a few months ago ? What time , please ?	"""What 's the price of the big clock ?"""
The system was first designed for a house owner to save electricity	'monitor the elderly people inside'
All the following statements are true except that people pay healthcare NHS .	'more money will be spent on testing people than before .'
"By saying""since they are blue "" , the old man meant ""   sad"	'because they have blue eyes'
What is the best title for the text ? I Think I Can	'A Boy and His Mother'
On Sundays , you can visit the following EXCEPT Notre Dame	'the Louvre Museum'
In order to enjoy the dinner on the Eurostar , you should upgrade 1st Class Eurostar	'arrive earlier at Gard du Nord station'
Why did Tommy want to go out ? Because bored home .	'Because he wanted to pick up some leaves .'
"When we say "" Great game , is n't it ? "" what do we mean in fact ? talking game"	'making small talk'
Critics do n't support the idea of single - sex schooling mainly because single - sex schooling proven idea leave key problems	'boys will cause more trouble and girls will hate studying .'
The author mainly wants to talk about experience learning English	'the importance of learning English'
Why is shopping conveniently online for clothes a disadvantage ? Clothes bought online may fit .	'It attracts more online clothing shoppers .'
Why did the garden grow well that Summer ? Because help bees .	'Because of Grandma .'
The best title for the passage might be Determined learn	'The only disabled student'
Where can you get to know the local history ? In Skagway .	'In Haines .'
Why was he doing this ? To confuse evidence .	'To make the witnesses agree .'
Which of the the following can be the most serious problem rubbish brings to us ? It brings air pollution , water pollution diseases .	'It causes a lot of difficulty cleaning up our cities .'
What can we learn about Mr . Wolfson from the letter ? He tries something reward done much community service .	'He tries his best to find Elizabeth and do something to reward her .'
This passage tells us forgive others hurt us	'to say sorry to others bravely when we hurt them'
What is the best title for the passage ? A Popular Kind Expression -- Emojis	'An Introduction to Oxford Dictionaries'
If you are in the US , you will probably not live 13th floor	'see a floor numbered 3'
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? The Story Musical Talent	'The Relationship between Memory and Music .'
Which one is RIGHT ? Ms. White English teacher .	'Ms White lost her keys'
"The reason why the sport is called "" handathon "" is that competitors thing marathon"	'keep hands in place for long'
Why do business travelers choose Hilton Shanghai ? Because location , facilities good service .	'Because its general manager is excellent .'
When walking past the expensive meat , the customers will possibly buy	'look for some cheap meat'
The writer does n't like the cartoons at present because bad kids ' education	'he is no longer a kid'
. Who were the first to have seen these apelike creatures ? The local Native Americans .	'Roger Patterson and his friend .'
According to the passage , the competition of gardening held 2012 London Olympics	'will require competitors to design gardens in their back yards'
Who felt very pleased when the young man was chosen to be a member of his college team ? He father .	'His coach and teammates .'
Which is true about the game ? It spelling .	'Students have to write four words in twenty minutes .'
When John Roebling had the idea of building the bridge , many experts thought impossible	'there was no bridge around New York'
Shakespeare got much money from acting	'plays'
Which of the following about land diving is true ? It traditional activity Vanuatu .	"'It was first called "" bungee jumping "" .'"
What is the purpose of the project launched by Nancy ? To encourage people read share .	'To promote the friendship between cities .'
Which of the following is TRUE about community theatre ? It benefits community many ways .	"'It is quite different from the old "" little theatres "" .'"
What role does Ricochet play according to the passage ? She helps disabled children learn surf .	'She accompanies the disabled children at home .'
May 16 , 1929 marks Janet Gaynor 's recognition Best Actress	'the first time the Awards were kept secret'
"By "" We should not take this privilege for granted "" , the writer means that seize chances modern society offers"	'knowledge is important in the digital society'
What may be the second tip given by experts ? Befriend locals .	'Join a sports league .'
The doctor usually tells his patient what to do examined patient	"""if the patient does n't take medicine"""
Why did American lawmakers investigate the use of location - tracking systems on cell - phones ? Because thought threaten users ' privacy .	"""Because the systems can store users ' information"""
Mr. White could n't get his hat because could n't see hat	"""he could n't run as fast as his hat"""
According to the passage , if you are facing failure , you should think find way improve .	'face it yourself and not ask others to help .'
Dr. Oliver Sacks thinks that aphasics specially gifted way	'can not understand what is being said'
The tigers are free because people seldom get come forests	'they can eat some small animals'
"What does Mr Washington mean by saying "" Someone 's opinion of you does not have to become your reality "" ? What people say may correct ."	"""You need n't have the same opinion as others ."""
My father trusted no vehicle with less than four wheels because trouble riding motorcycle	'he did not like the way I always borrowed bicycles from friends'
Even though the money was dirty , it n't reduce value	'went up in value'
When will you probably be Jealous of someone ? When coworker gets promotion wanted .	'When you are surrounded by loving family and friends .'
What will the circus most probably do ? Continue performances .	'Use fewer wild animals .'
One of the purposes of MADD was to make public aware danger drunk driving	'fight against the drunk hit - and - run drivers on the road'
The author mentions Mrs. Brock because she influenced author 's later life greatly	'encouraged the author to change her life'
The natural and healthy eating can NOT decrease one 's energy	"""burn fat in one 's body"""
The research paper will be put into English in order to make results known whole world	'help the students make English friends'
What 's the author 's family tradition ? Taking family pictures child 's first day school .	'Dad always drove children to their school .'
What happened to the man ? He caught policeman .	'He was very happy to sell the books .'
If you want to pull babies ' attention with images and sound , you may    choose hanging decoration	'baby pulling toys'
A young jackdaw understands its parents soon hatched	'by practicing sounds'
One evening James came in in a great hurry because afraid would late play	'he had to tell someone to keep his letter until he got back'
What should you do if you 're driving on a bridge during an earthquake ? Keep driving 're .	'Stop under the bridge and stay inside your car .'
The reason why the writer walked into the sock shop was that happened notice	'it was a big shop having the most beautiful socks'
Where is Roger Williams Park ? It 's Providence .	"""It 's in a botanical center ."""
Claire was shocked at the mark on the page because thought parents n't act said	'someone preferred watermelons to cabbages'
What , s the main problem about the leftover children ? They , receive emotional support .	'It is hard to make a phone call to their parents .'
If you are well organized at home , you will know clean underwear	'leave all the things as they are'
Stamp collectors have paid 16 800 for one Two Penny Blue	'fourteen One Penny Orange - Reds'
Why does relaxation play an important part in your good communication ? Because help put communication skills know use .	'Because no one likes to communicate with a nervous person .'
The main purpose of the text is to provide information about new television series	'how colours influence us'
Where and when can you hear the Norman Chop Trio ? At Derby Arms Sunday	"""At the Bull 's Head on Sunday"""
People like to watch TV because sounds images	'it has headphones to listen to the news'
Why did Itzhak Perlman continue his playing after one string was broken ? Because decided succeed broken violin .	"""Because he did n't know that the string was broken ."""
The author supports the argument that Houdini was a hard worker by describing prepared	'his famous tricks'
Edward T. Hall identified four zones personal space	'angry people'
From the passage we can learn that - generalizing might cause accept	"""we can tolerate the fact that we 've done things we are n't proud of"""
It is common that young students want different others	"""do n't care for their study"""
Jack wanted to buy an old tombstone because enough buy new one	'his aunt was not going to mind it'
In America , it is essential that young people should cars	'stay with parents'
Why does the author write the passage ? To give readers advice resisting buying unnecessary things .	'To tell us she has the habit of buying things that are unnecessary .'
What is the most important thing students learn by making a movie ? The way working others .	'The steps to shoot a movie .'
The use of digital technology in education is     revolution teaching learning many advantages	'an advance to attract more students to learn IT knowledge'
According to the passage , a vertical farm planted levels upwards	'is only an environmental friendly farm'
Why was Dunant looked upon as an angel by wounded men ? Because helped save many lives .	'Because he wore a white suit .'
The 16-year - old girl committed suicide because n't allowed attend examination	"""she could n't get high mark in the exam"""
The writer in the text mainly tells us strange camping experience	'about a stranger by the river'
In Damien 's apartment , people ca n't wear shoes	'have cameras'
The Western people become interested in tofu and other soybean products because eating much animal fat considered unhealthy	'they have become tired of eating meat'
The best title for this passage is The Spring Festival	'The Year of the Sheep'
It can be inferred from the example of the billboard that people sometimes ignore limitation shared knowledge	'most people know what LSD usually refers to'
"What was "" Gerber 's problem "" ? The picture jar"	'A translation problem'
From the passage , we can infer    that    HSAM good , also brings pain	'she can fall asleep while she is re - experiencing memories'
Before Fu told the restaurant owner what was in the food , he demanded that restaurant use mother 's name	"""the restaurant should n't offer any other food"""
After entering the business world , the author found father 's fishing advice inspiring	'it easy to think like a customer'
What does the writer attempt to tell us ? Bravely express love family .	"""Do n't wait to see a doctor till it is too late ."""
"The "" future mail "" service can help us express love care"	"'understand the meaning of "" time "" in a wrong way'"
If you spend more time on computer games you will less time sports	'do your favorite activities regularly'
From the passage we can infer that stress causing gray hair still question	'gray hair has nothing to do with tension .'
How did the young man learn about the ad for old coins ? By reading newspaper .	'By listening to the old man .'
"What does the passage mainly want to tell us ? Do n't stuck a""next - step mind "" ."	'How to choose an ideal college for yourself .'
The Internet is lots computer networks	'the World Wide Web'
What mistake do women drivers most probably make while driving ? They wear shoes high heels .	'They drink too much coffee in cars .'
Accepting the injustices of life will inspire us make every effort	'get us to feel sorry for others'
What may be Helen a response to WHO 's warning ? Varying diet exercise .	'Taking a diet without meat .'
While doing the advertised voluntary work , a volunteer can pay visit placement	'receive some extra pay for his work'
Mary answered question thinking	"""answered the doctor 's questioned at once"""
In the view of the author , parents allow children freedom	'the younger generation should value the older generation'
What do we know about the DRD2 ? Everyone one variants .	'It has two similar variants .'
A person      is more likely to become a genius . born good brain putting active use	'whose parents are clever'
The car accident Hetrick was involved in caused harm family	'damaged his car'
Why does Tom like basketball ? Because 's interesting .	"""Because it 's exciting and interesting ."""
What did the publishers think of the author 's book ? It would n't sell well .	"""It was n't fit for kids to read ."""
People should never worry about the donation mainly because bodies produce new blood soon	'being a blood donor is a great honor'
The most important thing to protect elephants is change people 's ideas	'to sell stock - piled ivory instead of illegal ivory'
When you volunteer to join in a project , you are advised to make good preparation advance	'build something and walk away'
What caused the happening mentioned in the passage during Amanda 's running ? She neither drank enough water ate enough right kind foods .	"""She did n't eat anything before the race ."""
What is special about the rock climbing competition ? You watch exhibition climbing without paying .	'The bus trip to the place of the competition is free .'
Why did the woman hide behind the author when going into the cinema ? She welcome see film .	'She wanted to see a film without a ticket .'
The result of the research mainly tells us that noise delays brain development	'affects speech and language'
After attending Rooster Morris ' performances , kids become confident	'are asked to write an article'
What 's the best title for the passage ? Ways Create Your New Future	'How to Change Yourself'
Who was only invited to a baby shower traditionally ? Women .	'Pregnant women .'
Where was Tyler when his mother came home ? In room .	'In the living room .'
Which of the following descriptions about online learning is NOT true according to the passage ? It stresses interactions teachers students .	'It is a cheaper way of learning .'
The writer attributes    the unsatisfactory behavior of teens to material property	"""teens ' too much free time"""
What was the main reason for people to kill passenger pigeons ? To make money .	'To save other birds .'
The author believes that we feel unhappy maybe because dislike something beginning	'everyone has their own opinions on things'
The whole book is mainly about growth young children	'strangers in American small towns'
The writer now does n't think her father responsible mother 's death	'did his best to prevent her mother from drinking'
The farmers in California grow fewer crops due to water shortage	'water pollution'
The colleague posted his highest electric bill by his heater to warn waste energy	'remember the electric bill forever'
The City mouse lives in house made stone	'a house made of wood'
The passage is intended to encourage people to take positive attitude towards disadvantages life	'address as many as invitation envelopes as possible'
The article advise the readers collect valuable possession fire breaks	'not to call the fire department for small fires'
"People suffering from""attachment anxiety "" tend to worry appearance"	'wear strange shoes'
What 's the best title for the passage ? A Special Friend Special Autumn	'A Musical Girl'
The teacher gave the students who stayed in the classroom A because believed	'they were cleverer than the other students'
What does the author say about people 's sleeping habits ? They culture - related .	"""They affect people 's health"""
""" Dress - down Friday "" is a day when employees are allowed to wear casual clothes work"	'work longer hours'
Robert helped the woman because made think ex - wife kid	'she asked him whether he could give a hand'
The text is mainly about cause extinction dinosaurs	'the evolvement of mammals on Earth'
Why is the man angry at last ? He ca n't get bus .	'The woman puts her hands on his shoulder .'
In the author 's opinion , if you want to feel better about yourself , you should avoid unhealthy diet	'make a diet plan'
What do we know about Relay for Life ? It held whole day without break .	"""It helps arouse patients ' awareness of fighting cancer ."""
What type of developing countries would be most likely to use English ? Former colonies Great Britain .	'Countries where international conferences are held .'
Dr. Sinar took a gap year because he felt exhausted 26 years ' work	'gave up his old job'
Vagelos mentioned coronary heart disease in order to show importance basic research	'the heavy burden of health care costs'
The text is mainly about bad effects global warming	'moving of a country to a new place'
What is the purpose of the author in writing this passage ? To inspire students proper attitude education .	'To tell students to be successful is hard .'
How did Nuala hurt her leg ? She fell ground .	'She danced too hard .'
The egg bombing on that Saturday evening resulted in mess windows	'a broken window'
A car owner can get some money from the program if he / she has low income	'only one car'
Why do children spend more time in using electronic devices ? Because electronic devices available .	'Because electronic devices are more exciting than before .'
What 's the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To miss mother - - law .	'To introduce the skills of making jelly .'
Members of the Friends of the British Library can buy books cheaper price	'search the British Library Catalogue'
Why did the writer mention his / her experience in Germany ? To point ineffective method listening .	'To show the problems of speaking a foreign language .'
The Michigan school was founded by Charles Howard with the purpose to train perfect Santas world	'train the pet reindeer for the Santas'
What can we infer about Dad 's stew ? It tastes quite delicious .	'It contains honey and vegetables .'
What made Jack Andraka research pancreatic cancer ? The loss friend .	'Doubts about the present test .'
What did the writer do after following the plan ? He contacted old friends .	'He returned to high school .'
Which of   the following is the most possible title of this passage ? Young American Volunteers	'A Special House Program'
Why were so many animals killed in the big fire ? Because strong winds contributed fire lot .	'Because the animals moved only ten miles a day .'
John can play table tennis	'play tennis'
"Why do almost all parents dislike the term "" summer school "" ? They cherish children 's rights freedom ."	"'They are worried about the quality of the "" summer schools "" .'"
The visitor came to John 's house in order to steal something	'read the story'
In Mongolia , burping is a way of showing that enjoyed meal	'you want to eat more'
From the passage , we can infer radar helps people get UFO evidence	"""the danger of UFOs attracted the media 's attention"""
The author 's fourth - grade teacher probably agreed that college degree key author 's dreams	'a college student would lead an easier life'
People enjoy posting selfies partly because control present	'selfies are followed by comments and likes'
What is the passage mainly about ? Calls Campbell 's monkeys .	'The lifestyle of monkeys .'
This notice is mainly about course selection	'regulations of learning Chinese'
When was the mistake in printing made ? In nineteenth century .	'After some stamps arrived from London .'
From the passage we can know that Jennett 's Park Primary School woman head teacher	'wants to have a male deputy head teacher'
Most types of sharks are dangerous	'dangerous killers'
What can be the best title for the text ? A Pearl Necklace	'Father and Daughter'
What is the text mainly about ? The birth black English	'The history of slave trade .'
Which of the following is NOT true ? Edison learned lot lesson spider taught Robert Bruce .	'Failure may be regarded as a way toward success .'
What does Dai Yingshuang think of raising pets online ? It great fun .	"""It 's not good for her study ."""
What happened on Thursday night in Good Friend Chinese and Seafood Restaurant ? A young woman narrowly escaped killed bullet .	'The restaurant owner refused to repay the money .'
According to the passage , we 're all probably impressed by people who high emotional intelligence	'know how to control their temper'
What did the peacock want to do before the bird catcher was going to sell him ? To say goodbye friend .	'To give a gift to his friend .'
A passport is not needed when an American goes to Canada Mexico	'European countries'
What is the major characteristic of man 's memory capacity according to the author ? It expanded language .	'It can remember all the combined words .'
Mike did n't prepare his lessons because     believed n't going test	'he thought the test was easy for him'
We prefer speed -reading because read faster get information	'we do not enjoy reading any more'
Which aspect does the writer NOT include in her analyses about reindeer 's influence on environment ? Money spent food .	'Tons of waste let out .'
Which of the following can you use to buy a new cell phone number ? ID card .	'Student ID card .'
Now you can seldom see in France lunch time lasts long hours drunk people rushing back office	'people drive at a speed of less than 130 km./h'
Supermarkets in China stop providing plastic bags because want protect environment	'plastic bags are very expensive'
What is the key to improve Internet services ? To build fiber networks .	'To increase Internet service fees .'
Why does Wang Baoqiang leave for Shaolin Temple at his early age ? To realize childhood dream actor	'To study kung fu to build up his strength'
Which of the following in NOT talked about on the Home - coming Day ? Going home see family .	'Watching the football game .'
Tony Wheeler wrote the bookAcross Asia on theCheatto answer people 's questions trip	'tell people about his new company'
According to the passage , which of the following statements is not true ? Procrastinators usually complete tasks perfectly .	'Procrastination makes people waste their time .'
Why is the lake famous ? Because may monster	"""there 's a bag in it"""
Why did Mira run to her house ? To turn porch light .	'To ask her grandmother about the lights .'
What did the author find when he got to the hospital ? A lot people waiting line .	'There were nice new signs everywhere in the hospital .'
What might be the author 's purpose in writing the text ? To give warning countries	"""To seek help for Nauru 's problems ."""
Which of the following would not help you in stopping the flu ? Staying classroom .	'Getting a flu shot or flu mist .'
Packaging is important to producers because want attract shoppers	'shoppers are all interested in beautiful packaging'
When can you use your Visitor Oyster Card ? Once arrive London .	'After you become a regular visitor .'
"In "" Mickey 's Boo to You Halloween Parade "" , tourists will be able to see holiday symbols"	'take photos with Disney characters'
Which of the following should you join if you are able to swim and want to enjoy activities that are   fast and a bit dangerous ? Watersports Club	'Sailing Club'
According to the passage , Faust 's mother expected Faust to be traditional housewife	"""Harvard 's president"""
The author wants to tell us that always someone help	"""we should n't forget those who once helped us"""
What can you do after 2 o'clock on Saturday afternoons ? Do shopping Lansdowne Park Shopping Center	'Visit New York Museum'
Peace parks help countries learn to work together by    creating link learning desire	'understanding   international border'
Henry , who had his bed switched , had expected feel joy seeing outside world	'to see more than Alan'
What can we know about the earlier credit cards from the passage ? Customers pay things full .	'Everyone could get this kind of credit card .'
Grammar is also very important because it helps fit words together	'takes a while to learn a language'
MGM is becoming the focus in Hollywood because it might closed	'has produced good films'
If a family of four travel with their cat , the best place for them to stay at might be Tidesreach Cottage	'Smugglers Cove Cottage'
Does the girl play football well ? Yes , .	"""She 's not very good ."""
What 's the best title for the passage ? A Boring Job	'A Job of Great Skill'
Why did the writer take a room in the Holiday Inn finally ? The room great demand .	"""It 's a 4star hotel ."""
As a devoted fan of the Beatles , you may choose to visit the following places EXCEPT Walker Art Gallery	'The Beatles Story'
Why did Wagner write what is considered serious music ? He wanted influence people deep stories .	'He wanted to make his music simple to follow .'
From the information above   , we can know Miss Yang English teacher	"""Miss Yang is n't strict with her students"""
The passage is probably written for people take exams	'people who mark exam papers'
What can we know from the above passage ? Reasoning higher reading writing school .	'Reading for information needs more skills .'
"Mr King called his cat "" Cat "" because he thought mouse always afraid cat"	'a cat was always afraid of a mouse'
What conclusion does the writer of the text come to ? We often realize attractive environment really .	"""We do n't respect wild animals enough ."""
The first in making a new shoe is to put design plan computer	'design a shoe model'
According to the passage , why do many patients stop getting injections ? Because pain stress injections .	'Because they are waiting for the new device .'
Why do people worry about the teens ? More teens become addicted Internet .	'They used to work on the Internet .'
The passage tells us that erosion is a problem which affects many parts world	'occurs mainly in river areas'
If you want to learn how to use computers , you should learn English first	'speak English well first'
What customer service does Zeo provide ? Free delivery product .	'Personalized bedside display .'
Sally is a housewife with three naughty children , which book will attract her most ? Mrs Brown 's Family Handbook .	'The Top Gear Guide to Britain .'
What can you do with the help of Facebook according to the text ? Rediscover long - lost classmates .	'Change the behavior towards your friends .'
Which of the following may not be a key word for the concept car ? High - speed .	'Smart .'
When you ride a bicycle on the campus , put walkers ' right way first	'ride on posted bicycle paths and sidewalks'
What did the author learn from his friend 's story ? Giving respect friends	'Extending life as possible .'
The new Ford cars are used here as an example to show that personal tastes something challenged	"""one should not always agree to others ' opinions"""
Why should Dr. Malone come to ISM early ? To work author days make future plan .	'To do everything possible for the school .'
Which is the BEST title for the passage ? Try laughing Laughter Clubs	'The first Laughter Club'
The birds returned to Bill 's home 	"""in Bill 's plane"""
Why do people give in to coldness when they should be helping according to Levine ? Strangers seldom cooperate .	"""They do n't know how to give first aid ."""
Why do people give Chicken Little a bad name ? Because people think tells lie .	'Because he wants the sky to fall .'
Why did the building of the Eiffel Tower make the Parisians unhappy ? Because could n't avoid accepting Eiffel Tower .	"""Because they did n't like the design of the Eiffel Tower ."""
Where is Mr. White at first ? In room .	'Close to the boy .'
Why is it important to set up a system for stories to be proposed and reviewed ? To guarantee reporters chances give explanations .	'To encourage reporters to give valuable ideas .'
According to the passage , what is an increasingly powerful tool in the success of some brand store ? Unique scents .	'attractive window display .'
When eating at McDonald 's for the first time in America , the writer 's parents were probably surprised that could refill drinks free	'they could get extra food for free'
The 12-by-12-inch pine boards are used as symbols barriers one 's life	"""signs of goals in one 's life"""
The best title for the passage is An Important Teacher My Life	'The Story of Mr. Broaches'
Which of the following is the author most probably in favor of ? Cycling around lake .	'Swimming in a sports center .'
Which of the following is NOT a benefit the students get from Andrea Peterson 's class ? Prizes English maths .	'Music talent development .'
What impresses the town 's current-- day authorities most ? The lower cost electricity	"""The town 's moral histories ."""
What do we know about measles from the text ? It spreads easily place many people .	'Half of people infected with it will die soon .'
The reason why the author uses power walking as an example mainly is because uses fewer resources	'it is an outdoor sport'
What is the best title for the passage ? Humour !	'How to Offer Advice'
What can we learn from the passage ? The experiment ended May.	'Plants enjoy listening to the passages from masterpieces .'
What can be a suitable title for the text ? Night Milk Sleep	'Milk Drinking and Health'
The best title of the passage should be Comfort Growth	'Flower Gardens in Holland'
The text is mainly about connection honesty health	'research on physical and mental health'
The best title of the passage could be Why Do Some Wild Animals Eat People	'A Discovery of the Skulls of Lions'
A gentleman does n't get angry easily	"'always say "" ladies first ""'"
When the author left the hospital the next morning , Mr . Lee still state danger	'got ready to leave the hospital'
Which of the following is true with WakaWaka ? It kind solar energy - saving light .	'It is the most affordable light for the poor .'
What is the best title for the text ? The Flying Wings .	'The Wise King'
Which is NOTthe convenience that the Medical Center provides ? Nursery newly - born babies	'Well trained staff members .'
What is the argument over Uber according to the passage ? Whether guarantees customers ' safety .	'Whether it can compete with standard taxis .'
According to Kelly Mok , tutors benefit much appearances	'have a lot in common with school teachers'
"What does the writer mean by saying "" However , convenience call be a crutch "" ? Convenience really good human communication ."	'Taking a crutch is a new way of making friends on line .'
Which of the following is true according to the ad ? Only $ 12 paid 24 issues magazine	'Readers can get a free offer of the magazine any time of the year'
What the writer 's husband said in the end shows that satisfied children done	"""the children should n't have given up the responsibility"""
We can infer from the text that school uniforms fashionable future	'will be designed by students themselves'
What is the passage mainly about ? The advice fight bully .	"""The bully 's behaviors ."""
From the passage , we can infer that soldiers go home Christmas war	'the writer could not go home for Christmas'
It can be inferred    from the story that rich people like to live outside New York City	'live in New York city'
What can we infer from Marie Colvin 's life ? .A good journalist make vivid report / experience situation .	'It is   ly unnecessary for a journalist to go to a city under attack to cover a story .'
Which of the following is NOT the advantage of e - readers ? Appreciating humor beauty	"""Saving much of teachers ' time ."""
How do the parakeets affect the local birds ? They take local birds ' nests food .	'They sometimes kill the local birds .'
What is the main purpose of Susan 's email ? To make arrangements Professor Hume 's class .	'To introduce to the students Rosa Parks .'
In Walter Murch7S opinion , 3D movies unsuitable people watch	'are more expensive than 2D movies'
Roy Jones lost his false teeth opened mouth swimming	'when he was having his holiday at the sea side'
What help to understand the articles in the books ? Photographs diagrams .	'Animal adaptations and movement .'
The second letter suggests that Mr. Edward advises Joan refuse people	'warns Joan not to quarrel with her friends'
Who is Justin in the play ? The social worker .	"""Sandy 's classmate ."""
What do we know about the new software ? It used test medical treatments .	'It is mainly used to detect hair problems .'
When we miss someone very much , we can save photos of him or her with Human - body Phone	'the Paper Phone'
Who could not take the English exam ? Tony . He went school 9:50 0n morning June 22 .	'Nancy . She wore her sports shoes on June 22 .'
San Francisco has many museums   for you visit and learn something new	'click on Information'
What did the firemen plan to do at first ? To spread blanket .	'To shout at the cat .'
The writer 's father did n't charge for his work because felt pity old couple	"""he did n't need that money"""
According to the passage , most people read all of the following except real news	'the sports page'
There are many Sichuan food restaurants country	'only in Sichuan'
The main idea of the passage is parents deal kid 's behavior without losing control	'how kids behave to ignore and disrespect their parents'
From the passage , we know that American cloning pet animals	'pets are often deserted by their owners'
The sinking of the Explorer harm Antarctic .	'led to a conference about the tourism situation in the Antarctic .'
The surgeon was late because His car taken away	'Clens Falls was far away from Albany'
What is the best title of the passage ? Vitamin D Helps Slow Ageing	'Sunlight and Vitamin D'
What can be the best title for the passage ? 2010 : The year technology replaced talking .	'2010 : The year technology made communicating easier .'
What can we learn about T5000 ? It detect metallic nonmetallic objects underneath .	'It can see through clothing or walls by sending out T - rays .'
"Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage The writer still quite familiar song "" Ivory Tower "" ."	'The writer was able to sing before she could speak .'
If you want to apply for a position , you can tell company much money want position	'write about yourself either in English or in Chinese'
Helen Keller finally became writer	'a student who took a university degree in English literature'
"The modern meaning of "" a penny for your thoughts "" differ greatly according speaker 's manner"	'is more closely connected to the value of the penny'
What does the writer mainly tell us ? How teach kids take stand cyberbullying .	'How much kids suffer from cyberbullying .'
Which one can be said about Draper ? She White House least 6 times .	'She has been honored as the National Teacher five times .'
What can reading do for us if we do much of it ? It help us write well future .	'It can help us to be a good player .'
What can be the best title for the text ? Drawn Warmth	'A Homeless Man'
This sport like travel moon	'is like to play in water'
For many years , which of the following does not reach its high during the summer ? Burglary .	'Murder .'
What should you do if a fire starts and you are in bed ? Roll bed onto floor .	'Roll out of bed and stand on the floor .'
Why do many travellers take pictures of everything they like ? Because pictures remind happy time .	'Because they all take a camera with them while travelling .'
Mr. Lang was paid much because driver lot work	'he had worked there for a long time'
The best title of the passage is Animals Keeping Clean	'Monkeys Living in Groups'
The tough decision that many students have to make before an exam is whether cheat	'how to cheat'
What do we know about aspartame ? It refused US government .	'It is the main ingredient of chewing gum .'
This passage mainly talks about spending nature people	'the problems with dealing with money'
According to the text , what is the major factor that can help Genzeb Tibeb continue   her school ? Bright Future	'Her school'
The purpose of Obama 's appearance on the show is promote environmental protection	'to enjoy the wilderness in Alaska'
Why does Frank tries his best to save money ? Because thinks 's easy parents make money .	"""Because his parents do n't give him any pocket money ."""
"The phrase "" to face the music "" was first used by American actors"	'the American writer James Fenimore Cooper'
Some complex languages are used in pop music because make music hard understand poetic attractive	'people like listening to the music which makes special sense to them'
The author punished her son like that because punishment worked	'she knew it was the right thing to do'
Why are readers often cheated by tricky headlines ? Such headlines fairly attractive .	"""There 're always stories behind them ."""
Why are visitors required to turn off their mobile phones ? To prevent disturbing others	'To ensure the security of the Castle'
Louis Braille developed an alphabet for blind people after he learned soldiers could read messages raised dots .	'became blind as a young child .'
Why did the father knock on doors on the street ? To beg help .	'To tell people about the treasure .'
What does Henry often do on Saturdays and Sundays ? He often goes parks parents .	'He often practices speaking English with his friends .'
According to Susan Martimo , digital textbooks will first adopted well - equipped schools	'surely be approved by school districts'
Why is Mr. Brown pleased one day ? Because he thinks Mr. Green deafer	"""goes to Mr. Green 's house"""
According to the passage , online writing is becoming more and more popular mainly because Internet users inChinaare increasing	'all the online stories are interesting'
If you are not liked by a person , may one blamed	"""you 'd better talk with the person face to face"""
Which of the following is RIGHT ? Grace 14 .	"""Helen 's cat is in Bill 's room ."""
Mrs . Arnatuli bought the writer 's sand wish because wanted show care writer	"""she did n't eat red meat on Friday"""
Bunter forced himself to agree that he had been punished because would n't like argue captain explanation would satisfy	'he knew the man at the wheel also saw what had happened'
What 's the best title of the passage ? A clever monkey	'A university professor'
Why did Mary drop the box ? Because box heavy .	'Because she wanted to 1et the chickens go out .'
What can we know about the videos online according to the passage ? They include lot personal information .	"""It 's a waste of time to watch videos online ."""
Which of the following about the Mid - IB Summer School is true ? It held three universities .	'Students attending will study for 5 weeks .'
You can try to escape a fire except lifts	'fire escapes'
Where will you go if you only have time on Sunday?s6t---- Schoharie Crossing State Historic Site.s6t----	'Grafton Lakes State Park .'
What can we learn about Berners - Lee from the passage ? He encouraged creative .	'He is well - known all over the world .'
What led Jean Beliveau to travel around the world ? His depression middle age .	'His dream of writing a book travels'
Which is true about the future restaurants ? They might list nutritional content dishes menus .	"'The food in "" Winners "" can ensure you to win sports competitions .'"
What made Gallegos get Golden Apple Award ? Her efforts made teach kids .	'Rewarding her students with prizes .'
"Which of the following can best explain "" a happy retirement "" ? Living busy life one enjoys"	"""Having plenty of free time for one 's hobbies ."""
What makes the Mexican fisherman happy is full busy life	'more boats and more fish'
What is Jenny ? A student	'A nickname'
If you want to try the Doane Observatory , you 'd better consider weather conditions	"""join the Adler 's summer camp"""
While the author was taking pictures of the sea horse , guide helped focus camera	'the sea horse was swimming away'
The main theme of this passage is whether alcohol may good one 's health	'the connection between cancer and alcohol'
One of the unique characteristics of Item 3 is that mainly made bamboo	'it is made of 100 % organic cotton'
According to the passage , spices are useful in an the following things except used fridges	'making your food taste better'
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Music us much good .	'What to find in wonderful music .'
What can we learn about Tammy 's father from the passage ? He n't good housework .	'He always helped Tammy do her homework .'
One of the good ways to find your mistakes in your speaking is to write notes letters	'read more English books'
What is true about the old man ? He seriously injured would die soon .	'He once and again wanted to call his son .'
One of the advantages of the Greenbelt for people in the Bay Area is convenience exercise	'cleaner city streets'
What 's the passage mainly about ? How barefoot teen saved neighbor .	'How a family got saved from a fire .'
The four packages are most suitable for family plan holiday	'a group of cultural researchers'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Bugs Eat Waste Excrete Petrol	'Software Executive Turned to Bugs'
Which of the following is NOT a speculation about Bryant 's motive to change his number ? He wants show man great importance .	'He wants to leave his past behind and have a fresh start .'
Why were Stefan and Erika Svanstrom stopped in Munich ? Because Europe 's worst snowstorm .	'Christchurch earthquake stopped them .'
"According to the theory of "" risk homeostasis "" , some traffic accidents result from inborn desire risk"	'our ignorance of seat belt benefits'
The article on Businesslnsider.com turns out to be essay another topic	'a link to a video website'
Where is the Goddington Theater ? In Goddington university .	'On the right of the Ticket Office .'
What are the young dads trying to do in the show ? They trying complete set tasks kids . They also trying hard find best way raise children keep closer relationship .	'They are trying hard to find the best way to raise their children and keep a closer relationship with them .'
The author wrote the letter because n't enough time answer letters	'he felt sorry for not being able to send books to his readers'
We already have machines that can tell who you are from    voice mark made finger	'your eyes or your smell'
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Specific characteristics successful executives .	'Four skills for successful executives'
The author 's primary purpose in this passage is to describe different types medicine	'argue for the importance of medicine in health care'
What 's the main idea of the passage ? What serious problem .	'How difficult to remove rubbish .'
What is the passage mainly about ? The benefits eating green .	'How to reduce the carbon .'
What can we infer from the passage ? Iwatake stayed Hawaii alone time .	'He finished high school in Japan .'
What can we know from the passage ? The kangaroo runs away together Chris 's wallet car keys jacket .	'The writer takes a photo of Chris and the kangaroo .'
The fact that a robot never gets bored doing the same job means that boring jobs people	'it will work much better than human beings'
After this experience , Jack changed way older people	'no longer respected the elderly'
What 's the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To express attitude mom .	'To inspire people to face difficulties'
Which of the following statements is true , according to the passage ? Pessimists believe everything life depends fate .	'All pessimists will eventually die from accidents .'
What brings career women more joy and happiness according to the passage ? Relationships	'Successful careers'
Why did the writer like to have a chat with Paul ? Because could learn handle marketing effectively .	'Because he could enjoy the beautiful song from the young girls .'
The doctor was worried that    old lady would suffer heart attack	'the old lady would not give him half of the money'
The virtue the Mutters have is that they believe money everything	'Anne - Sophie was too young to give concerts'
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? It 's easier say .	'Practice makes perfect .'
What can be inferred from the passage ? There stricter rules concerning public safety throughout city .	"""People did n't know that the 3D laser show had been cancelled ."""
When did she start her own treatments ? After getting instructions A merit doctors .	'After becoming a member in support of cancer charities .'
Which class may offer you a chance to enjoy playing the characters you like ? Play Days .	'Act It Up !'
Drivers in Los Angeles were mentioned in order to raise topic	'solve traffic problems'
How did the police catch Roger ? They knew address .	'His friend worked in the bank .'
What action will the EPA take to fight climate change ? Make strict rules limit coal power plants .	'Close those power plants which pollute the air most .'
What animal is black and white according to the passage ? The dog .	'The panda and dog .'
Why could American women and backs find jobs during World War I ? Workforce great need .	'They were taken to serve the war .'
Coral draws the portrait of spirits in order to help people miss dead .	'prove the existence of the human spirit .'
Who discovered the Heidelbergnotes ? Dr. Armin Schlechter .	'Francesco del Giocondo .'
What did Camake realize after the incident of Typhoon Morakot ? The importance passing traditional culture .	'The significance of the relocation of Taiwu Elementary School .'
We ca n't hear the English abbreviations from this month because purity Chinese protected	'Chinese translations are easier to be understood .'
From the passage we know sleep - deprived people problems	'can have both mental and medical problems'
What has happened to Hayton after the subway romance ? She still gets noticed streets New York .	'She is out of work and is looking for a new job .'
What is the passage mainly about ? Good manners French dinner party	'How to send flowers'
You can make use of the Internet to find favorite tent	'find the answer for every camper'
Dr. Luskin advises us not to wait for an apology after being hurt because people seldom want apologize	"""people do n't mean it when they apologize"""
According to the passage , which statement is NOT sure ? John writer studied college .	"""Forgetting your wife 's favourite flower is a very serious mistake ."""
Hearing the colleague whispering , the author thought colleague would get nowhere .	'knew his colleague had some questions .'
"Further measures will be included in the "" Slow City "" program EXCEPT getting towns involved project"	'stop genetically modified foods'
Scientists and doctors believed that Lorenzo 's Oil worked theory	"""would save the boy 's life"""
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? We perform miracles overcoming difficulty .	"""Most of us ca n't show our ability because of difficulty ."""
Why does Sandy spend so much time choosing things ? Because n't buy first thing sees .	'Because she wants to find the best price .'
We can learn from the passage Except Judy born Zooptopia becomes police officer grows	'Nobody believes Judy can become a real great policewoman at first'
The author was blamed by the policeman because neighbor Charlie Kemp complained action called policeman	'he burnt something of his neighbors'
What would Bill most probably have done after he got the first letter ? He would have called company show thanks	'gone to another company for a job'
In what way does Hamilton find his jobs in most cases ? Turning Internet .	'Going door to door .'
.In the writer 's view , if incomes and prices rise at the same rate , inflation maybe still problem	'inflation is no longer a problem'
The idea of using stamps was thought of by Sir Rowland Hill	'Alice Brown'
The Republic of Mexico population 106 million	'has two main mountain ranges going from west to east'
Which of the following websites helps kids learn about animals ? amnh . org .	'scholastic . com .'
The passage is mainly about . life 2116	'holidays in space'
According to the advertisements , we know that maybe often rains centre Kauai	'the Post Hotel in Austria is clean but the price is high'
"The best explanation for "" Nine - Day Wonder Diet "" is that the dieter sure lose weight 9 days taking"	'should eat nothing in 9 days except this diet'
Why did the new clothes mean the universe to the author ? Her family poor , new clothes rare .	'Her mother only bought her new clothes for her birthday .'
Hundreds of people phoned professor Sabbatucci because they hoped get money	'lost the lottery ticket'
Mr. Black works every morning and evening , the most probable course he can attend is STOP SMOKING	'all the courses'
What should parents do in raising a teenager according to the text ? Give advice necessary .	'Not talk about personal things with him .'
Which one is WRONG about China 's migrant workers ? More 1.4 billion migrant workers cities .	'They are not welcomed by the people in cities .'
"What does "" kick the elephant out of the White House "" mean ? Drive President Bush power ."	'Keep the elephant out of the White House .'
The passage is about traffic	'big cities'
It is hard to explain what a painter is saying because painter use shapes colors instead words	'a painter uses unusual words and phrases'
What effect could Nike 's action have on its contract suppliers ? They get donations big brands easily .	"""There 's no need for their factories to be checked ."""
Mauritius is the name of     former colony Great Britain	'a stamp'
The writer thinks reading blogs prevents us getting stories need	'does not fill our brain in a messy way'
What 's Mensah 's future plan ? To run shops .	'To earn a degree in arts .'
According to this passage , people choose to attend a traffic school to good driving record	'learn how to drive'
When the woman saw Bob , frightened fainted away	'She was frightened and then got so excited that she fainted away .'
This passage is mainly about ways avoiding identity theft	'measures to ensure network security'
In which magazine can you find the article ? New Scientist	'TV And Film Reviews'
From the passage we can learn that the writer enjoys rain	'hates the storm'
"One useful way of carrying out "" attitude is everything "" is keeping people surround positive"	'getting some advice from successful business owners'
The main idea of this passage is .	'you will know your friends or your enemies by knowing the colors they like'
The first man could get all the things because second man prayed	'the second man prayed for nothing'
It can be learned from the passage that people travel around island free charge	"""the author 's wife supported to buy the island"""
Bel Air is name airline	'an air lab'
Math can improve one 's logical thinking ability	'ability of finding a job'
What made Langlang first enjoy western music ? When saw Tom play piano two .	'When he played the piano at three .'
What do the shuttle people do with their sleeping bags while working ? Fix wall .	'Leave them where they sleep .'
To fully develop the low - carbon markets , governments can develop public resources	'cut public expenses'
"The phrase "" keep very good time "" means show people correct time"	'have a good time'
Which of the following can best describe the gypsies according to the passage ? They move one place another .	'They live on a horse - drawn wagon .'
If a neighbor is keeping an eye on your house , it means he watches something bad happening house .	'wants to look at your house .'
Some home - based entrepreneurs do n't invite clients to their home reasons property safety	'to enjoy convenience outside their home'
Who had the idea to build a bridge to the sky ? Ekon .	"""Ekon 's wife and children ."""
Susan does n't have a basketball	'ping - pong ball'
The purpose of the text is to tell readers life strategy	'prove that taking a plane is dangerous'
Cinderella 's mother can not help her because she dead	'hates Cinderella'
Why should parents discuss what they have watched with kids according to the author ? To turn entertainment learning .	'To teach children how to watch TV .'
Compared with group treatment , what is the key to short - term treatment ? To raise awareness cause problem .	"""To change patients ' attitude towards loneliness ."""
This passage is mainly about game developed	'why the game is so popular'
What would John Horgan probably do if his daughters failed in exams ? He would limit time daughters spend Internet .	'He would start getting access to the Internet directly .'
The purpose of the passage is to show us human beings achieve peace cherishing respecting others	'the UN plays an important role in the world - peace keeping'
What is the purpose of this passage ? To introduce Martha life stories .	'To introduce Martha and Andy .'
Which can be the title   ? The White Family	"""Mr White 's House"""
What 's the best title of this passage ? The Diets Top Olympic Athletes .	'Good Diet Makes a True Olympian .'
Which of the following is mentioned in the letter ? David hopes take trip family .	"""David 's father lost his life at work ."""
The reason why Aunt Edith wrote to Dr .DeBekey is that wanted get help	"""she did n't know the way to Houston"""
"By saying "" I do wish they would leave me alone at this place "" , Mr. Smith gave impression constant guest"	'showed that he disliked such people at the hotel'
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? The Ant Philosophy	'The Concept of Ants'
"What did Cather mean by "" the end is nothing ; the road is all "" ? Writing , result , important ."	'I enjoy writing whether it is hard or easy .'
"Why will the "" haters "" always find a reason to speak ill of you ? They envy success ."	'You always work too hard .'
According to the passage , Dr. Scott 's study aimed make employees productive	'examined more women than men for a long time'
Which of the following would be the most proper title for the text ? My Hero -- Hattie Elizabeth Alexander	'A Woman Accomplishing Great Things'
""" Office politics "" ( Line 2,Para.4 ) is used in the passage to refer to interpersonal relationships within company"	'the political views and beliefs of office workers'
Why were some deer killed on purpose at Grand Canyon ? They ate wrong things became ill .	'They were a danger to other gentle animals .'
"Which is NOT the reason for the monks to spell "" at "" as @ ? The monks wanted invent new word ."	'The monks wanted to be quicker and easier with their copying .'
It can be concluded from the passage that the abilities to plan , organize , delegate , direct and control should used managing others ' one 's activities	'not be used in time management'
If you never make enough to feed yourself at all , you can buy a book with the title How Live Nothing	'How to Love Every Minute of Your Life'
The visitors go to the zoo at night mainly because quite different experience time	'there are too many visitors during the day'
Why did the crow keep touching the water ? It struggling keep falling water .	'It was showing another flying skill .'
What can we learn about Bill Gates from the text ? He devotes helping others .	'He is a warm - hearted father to his children .'
According to the passage we know when someone 's brain is dead , he chance wake	'will perhaps wake up again by using a machine'
According to the author , the Atacama Desert somehow livable	'is as mysterious as Mars'
According to this passage , we know that Dickens n't think could write better novel Pickwick Papers life	'wished to live one hundred years and write three novels in each'
What 's the text mainly about ? A brief introduction BigThink.com .	"""How to set up one 's own website ."""
Percy Spencer found the microwave efficient in cooking when he was working know magnetron works	'asked to invent a restaurant microwave oven'
The reason why filler words are considered annoying by speech specialist is that prevent listener focusing speaker saying .	"""they convey the speaker 's superiority to the listener ."""
What do you think the main idea is ? The Eyjafjallajokull volcano Iceland	'the biggest action of closing airspace in Europe'
According to the text , the Hoover Dam lies across two states	'far from Lake Mead'
By receiving an allowance , children can learn money earned	'how to spend money from experience'
Austin Mahone 's success story is almost the same as Justin Bieber 's	"""EXO 's"""
The magazines for male readers are popular most probably because many men become concerned parenting	'like to know whether they are Challenge Dads'
What can we learn about the device TAO - Wellness ? It comparatively small size	'It is a kind of treadmill desk .'
Ponce 's voyage to the New World with Columbus affected future life greatly	'was to find the Fountain of Youth'
Team building activities are good for encouraging employees co - operate	'hiring employees with special talent'
The best title for the passage above might be    Use Your Own Mind	"""Answer the Examiner 's Question Quickly"""
Which is true about Rihanna 's first album ? It made Rihanna star .	'It came out before she finished school .'
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? A New Type Media	'The History of the Internet'
Why does Tom 's mother let him eat chocolates sometimes ? Because wants make Tom 's grandpa happy .	"""Because Tom 's grandma buys him some chocolates ."""
In this passage , the writer wants to tell us treat life	'what to do in our life'
What would happen if Tommy really went to the city dump ? He might killed smoke fire .	'He might be sold by the maple leaf .'
According to the passage , how many people were in the lift ? 6 .	"""We do n't know ."""
Which of the following things does the writer suggest that you should do before you began your talk ? Drink water - fruit juice .	'Have some drink with cream .'
What might be the most suitable title for the passage ? A Father 's forgiveness	'A New BB Gun'
Why did Mauritius print some stamps too ? Because invitations big dance posted quickly	'London stamps were not well printed'
Why can the telephone be a problem ? Some people may pay calls .	'The host family may not have a telephone .'
People with mental illnesses are unwilling to go to hospital because discriminated n't want others know illnesses	'there are few medical centers specializing in mental health'
How did Rob realize that he had been bitten by a snake ? Teeth marks appeared arm .	'His arms began to ache .'
If you have good study habits , you can learn things quickly remember easily	'do things quickly and remember them easily'
When President Obama says no one country can fix the economic crisis , he wants to stress the need members summit work together .	'effort to reach an agreement on the economic recession'
Winston 's parents set so high a goal for him that afraid may disappoint	'he wants to be a great musician someday'
The doctor told her that ate much	'she must eat much food'
Which is true about Mariko , Carla and Alvin ? They spent year abroad .	'They all speak very good English .'
According to the author , the schooling framestudy often ignores parts official curriculum	'fails to provide enough knowledge about life'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Christmas : Not Good Festival Santas	'What Does Santa Claus Do for Children ?'
How was Rosa Parks treated after her death ? She honored lie state Capitol .	'She was received by President Bush at the Capitol .'
"The phrase "" sour the pleasure of society "" most nearly means ""   make others unhappy"	'have a good taste with social life'
Which of the following signs can tell the weather will probably be rainy ? A rainbow appears morning .	'Fogs appear in the morning just above a river .'
What do we know from this passage ? People England like old steam powered trains much .	"""Edward did n't go traveling because he bad just come out of hospital ."""
What do we know about Antonio Gutierrez ? He wants give back volunteer .	'He has always been an excellent student .'
What do adult drivers do while they are driving ? . listen music news	'listen to news and make a CD'
What should you read slowly when you read ? Important information story - books .	'Picture - books for fun .'
What is the best title for the passage ? Little Lopsy	'Loving birds'
In the year 1626 , New York was called New Amsterdam	'New York'
It can be learned that the Boards for Bros aims to provide skateboards poor children	'donate used skateboard products to the festival'
Why was the youngest often scolded by his mother ? He clever brothers .	"""He did n't cook meals for his mother ."""
Which of the following is TRUE about Elaine Bogucki ? She got married .	'She has been teaching for 13 years .'
Which of the following can serve as the best title of the passage ? Across Polar Ice .	'Meeting with polar bears .'
Why is her room is always full of students when she is free ? Because popular .	'Because she is a back bone teacher .'
The girl gave the boy a hard push because pleased said	'what he said was wrong'
The homeless man refused pizza because he something wrong stomach	'preferred some chicken and rice to pizza'
Northeast Tigers can live northeast China	'in Jilin Province or Jiangsu Province'
From the story , we know an eco - passage is path animals cross road	'a bridge for animals to get over a river'
What was the writer 's experience in the museum before the last visit ? She hardly enjoyed .	'She liked many paintings .'
When Hand required an apology , Crick n't Hand asked	'showed the poem to Hand'
Why did the nobleman come to the poor farmer ' s house ? Because wanted thank great farmer saving child .	'Because the nobleman knew the farmer had a promising son .'
If you want to learn something about people of the past , you can join team Greece	'join the team to the Far North'
The topic of the passage is Trust powers	'How to draw a horse'
What does the passage mainly discuss ? The origins theater .	'The role of ritual in modern dance .'
The main idea of the passage is about cellphone knowing	'comparing GPS with a smart cellphone'
How did the whole country respond to the earthquake when it happened ? They acted calmly .	'They drove to higher ground after hearing the warning .'
The author wrote this passage in order to show love daughter	'present the hardships of a working mother'
Who are most likely to be self - adoring in the study ? The women stars .	'The average people .'
The purpose of the passage is to tell us - nighters hurt students ' grades	'pulling an all - nighter leads to sleep problems'
When Mark met him the first time , Bill was going back home	'to see Mark'
The title   of the passage may be Big Ben	'A clock'
The schoolmaster could decide wisely whether to further employ the teacher by the end of the fourth year	'the second year'
What 's new in Modern Family 's fifth season ? Claire goes back work .	"""Jay 's grandson Manny starts high school ."""
The boy threw a brick at the businessman 's car because wanted get help driver	'he envied the brand - new car very much'
For what reason were Thorn McAn shoes turned down in Bangladesh ? A signature looking like word Allah shoes	"""Problem for Thorn McAn was the company 's name"""
Mr. Perkin ca n't find his car because ca n't remember car 's number	'there are lots of yellow cars there'
We learn from the passage that sewing machines n't difficult repaired	'need service 4 times a month'
What might Cheryl Russell agree with according to the article ? American lifestyles reshaped continue change	'The spirit of American dream will inspire Americans to get through the economic recession .'
Which would be the best title for this passage ? The Great Benefits Carrot Juice	'Tips on How to Make Carrot Juice'
Who goes to Beijing with Lily ? Nancy .	'Liu Ming .'
What the young man said at the end of the story shows that child ugly	'the woman loved her child'
The woman was getting more angry each moment because policeman going punish	"""the policeman did n't know her friends"""
By telling the story , the writer tries to show that Kindness spread	'helping others is helping oneself'
Winston 's parents set so high a standard for him that afraid may disappoint	'he has made greater progress in music'
"To what human activity could wolves ' "" chorus howling "" best be compared ? A sports team cheering game"	'A group of people singing at a concert'
Why does the author plan to stop using his Facebook account ? He n't want personal data badly used .	'He is upset by its frequent rule changes .'
The farmer did the thing because afraid wolves would cause trouble	'the wolves entered his farm'
Who may become an English teacher after 4 years ? Leo .	'Ben'
Why did n't the author cry when her grandmother died ? The author n't give explanation .	'Because she was too shy to cry at that time .'
We can infer from the passage that must cold winter writer lives	'the boots are designed by an industrial talent'
Which of the following is among the formal duties of the Queen ? Signing Commonwealth documents every day .	'Declaring when the world is at war .'
From the passage , visitors can enjoy 	'art museums'
How can the emotion be calmed by Tui Na ? By balancing energy related organ .	'By linking the organ to an emotion .'
It 's a picture of classroom	'desks and chairs'
Which of the following seems to be a threat to Hollywood ? The use modern cameras equipment	'The interest of middle - aged film stars'
At the closing ceremony , it is found that name city next Games showed	"""all are called on to meet again in four years ' time"""
Tony arrived at school late that morning because    alarm clock n't ring	"""he could n't find hid shoes"""
The passage aims to inform us rising numbers children suffering mental health problems	'give teenagers some advice on how to relieve pressure'
What do people do with coffee grounds before Lechner ? Improve soil .	'Produce drinking cups .'
Pants with zipped pockets are recommended mainly because help guard local theft	"""it 's a good measure in case of emergencies"""
According to Ms. Gray , after feeding the pet , the owner may something eat	'go out to walk the dog'
Li Li 's sister is    nice girl	'a good teacher'
. The doctor refused the lady 's purse because he thought lady gave purse would n't give medical fee	'the purse should be given between friends'
At last Bill left park smile	"""did n't think he was luckier than the girl"""
What are Ann 's favourite clothes ? Blouses skirts .	'T - shirts and shorts .'
Why does the author write this text ? To tell readers study smart college .	'To teach reader show to make a study plan .'
Why WAZA is not pleased with Wonderful Friends ? The programme showed respect animals .	'The programme is making wild animals decline rapidly .'
Daniel Kalliontzis came up with the idea of the slicker so that drivers avoid fined	'cars can be put in safe places'
It is the author ' s view that self - promotion necessarily mean flattery	"""hard work contributes very little to one ' s promotion"""
The best title for this passage is probably Body Art Causing Damage	"""Doing Damage to the Young People 's Bodies"""
Why did man have a desire to explore again ? Going space dream man realize .	'Man wanted to move to other stars .'
The difference between Lilian and her classmates is that much older	'she is eager to graduate from college'
It 's implied in the passage that the author may be teacher UK	'a gas station worker from the UK'
What 's the text mainly about ? Persistence makes success	'Failure is the mother of success'
"The stories of "" The Adventures of Tom Sawyer "" and "" The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn "" are probably Mark Twain 's autobiography"	"""according Mark Twain 's experiences"""
The old man that the author noticed load head	"""did n't know how to cross the road"""
Why did the writer feel upset ? His application college failed .	"""His parents did n't give him an MP5 player ."""
You 'd better blog about entertaining stories	"""advice about your readers ' subjects"""
"Which of the following examples best explains "" what is life about "" ? We find true beliefs values choose live ."	'We think that how others see us is more important than what we think of ourselves .'
What is not a part of the job ? Cooking kid .	'Telling English stories to the kid .'
Harry 's hiccups lasted fourteen days	'a week'
In Summer , which sport is ideal in Davos except Cross - country skiing	'Mountain   biking'
A poll is mentioned to stress necessity curriculum reform	'show the seriousness of the financial recession'
The writer thinks learning about computers is like learning how to ride a bike or drive a car because leads people new life experiences	'it takes much time to master the skills'
What made Kate so angry one evening ? She saw author 's shoes beneath bed .	'She got the news that her grandma was ill .'
The passage suggests the following things except painting room office	"""appreciating your children ' s qualities"""
Why did the writer run back fast to his friends ? He really scared .	'A bear ran after him and wanted to catch him .'
Why do people who do n't try their best often complain ? They try find excuse faults .	'It is the best way to let out their anger .'
To join Happy Homes , one should good art .	'be able to play board games .'
"The phrase "" the reality "" refers to touch ice"	"""the body 's reaction"""
Before someone wins a Guinness record , he or she has to practice great deal	'know all about Guinness records'
Eggplant is so healthy that it can good digestion	'replace other vegetables'
From the smart phone experiments , the researchers found self - controlled people may good moods	'like to challenge more goals'
Most of works of art in the Louvre have been collected probably by French people	'people of the world'
What is the best title for the passage ? About Weather	'Weather Report'
You need to leave your contact information when sending your votes so that CRIENGLISH reach win prize	'CRIENGLISH can post it online'
Who can take part in this activity ? Everybody .	'An Expo volunteer .'
Which is the best title for the passage ? The Travels Ibn Battuta	'The Learned Ibn Battuta'
How many times was Sayers honored in his life ? Twice .	'Only once as a football star .'
Which of the following is true of Buck ? He put money sandwich business .	'He rented a storefront for DeLuca .'
According to the passage , the Apple III turned failure	'caused more competitors to come into the market'
What does the author mainly want to express ? We need patience understanding .	'Learn to accept others?apology .'
What is the best title of this passage ? Home Alone --- A Funny American Film	'Eight - year - old Kevin'
According to this story , the soldier satisfied king	'did fishing for the king'
When the UFO came nearer to Libya , suddenly turned away left	'Bardens was looking at it'
According to the text , we can learn that KFC made itself in severe trust crisis food safety problems many times	'because it is one of the most famous fast - food chains'
According to the passage , we can say that message good surprise writer	"""the writer did n't mind that she had lost her wallet"""
Cavalin owes    his success to the following EXCEPT that born genius	'he worked hard at his dream'
Which of the following is NOT ture ? Amos want big house .	"""Amos ' parents are working in a big city ."""
The author believes sadness is necessary function humans '	"""a good thing for people 's health"""
The mother agreed to donate her son 's eyes after his death mainly because wanted help others others helped son	"""she wanted to see her son 's eyes in someone else 's face"""
If you often get angry , fewer friends .	'smoking can be a good help'
"The word "" humiliation "" ( in Para . 2 ) could best be replaced by which of the following ? ashamed"	'being defeated'
How did the author get the island ? He bought Blandy .	'The king sold it to him .'
"Which language did the name "" English "" come from ? The Angles ."	'Modern English .'
When the old woman found her doll , well looked	'it looked old and terrible'
This story is about a man willing meet nephew	'whose nephew went to visit him at the hotel'
Jack came to sit in front of the visitor in order to ask leave immediately	'invite him for a walk'
This story mainly wants to tell us good exam results needs hard study	'tossing a coin can not always decide the result'
What will a company face if it violates environment laws ? It pay unaffordable price .	'It has to change pollution data .'
Parents name their sons according to the following EXCEPT popular baby name	"""their fathers ' names"""
What jobs can dogs do ? All .	'Hunt with man .'
In the case of cars , the author advises that we improve durability	'change models every two years'
Li Drake has her children study Chinese because she wants them learn Chinese culture	'to catch up wit other children'
Of the following statements , the writer may agree that professor loves job much	"""few students supported the writer 's decision at first"""
What is the best title for this passage ? What meeting people ?	'How to ask your friends for help when in trouble ?'
This passage mainly discussed the relationship between choice change	'power and life'
According to the text , when greeting a man from America , may shake hands firmly	"""you 'd better wear dark - colored clothes"""
It seemed that the dog knew well that the paper Mrs. Smith gave it could much good	'would help the butcher'
Why did the child return to find two farthings ? Because ca n't forgive death .	'Because he received from its mother to give to a poor man .'
If you have little money ,   you can collect stamps letters	'by the collectors'
""" To face the music "" means "" to   something n't like"	'go to the music show'
It was sometimes quicker to use the tracks rather than the road because the road many bends .	'road was overgrown after the winter .'
Why should n't you use the lift when a fire breaks out ? Because lift may work	'Because the fire can burn you'
Deserts get little rain	'never have any plants or animals in them'
What is a microscope used for ? Making small things look much bigger .	'Making very big things look much smaller .'
What do most Americans like to do when they have problems ? They like write newspapers magazines .	'They like to write to the people they know .'
In the 20thcentury Liverpool became well known all over the world because group pop singers	'its important in international business'
What is special about the Ariau Amazon Towers hotel ? You sleep tree houses .	'Every room has a walkway .'
According to the study , who would most probably win a piano competition ? One plays great passion .	'One who plays unique music .'
The passage is written for parents	'children'
Why do we need to do warm - up exercise ? To help us avoid hurting	'To help us exercise better'
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The U.S.A developed stable central government .	"""Most people ca n't understand why the States makes wars ."""
The Zanskar Ski School makes easier students attend school	'has borrowed many skis from Europe'
When the rude young man got off the train five passengers n't help	'one of the other passengers opened the window for him'
In North America , ' Fool 's Day ' is celebrated on April 1	'April 2'
What does the writer want to tell us in the passage ? He wants us learn believe .	'He wants us to1earn from B students .'
Which of the following jobs did Mr Hennen NOT serve as ? A doctor .	'A newspaper carrier .'
Who probably wrote the passage ? A journalist radio TV station .	'A close friend of Mr. Rosa .'
During the first period of demographic history , societies were often in danger of extinction because higher mortality fertility places	'only one in ten persons could live past 40 .'
Who determines the carriers ' participation in the system ? The carriers .	'Mobile phone users .'
The farmer decided to spend a holiday in a big town because    become richer wanted see big town	'he never went to the big town'
Which of the following is TRUE about the Mona Lisa ? It preserved France .	'It is a self - portrait of da Vinci in drag .'
What would be the best title of this passage ? Children Should Put Seat Belts .	'Parents Are Important to Children .'
Which of the following is true ? Many young people long hair Western countries .	'Some old people wear clothes as young people do .'
The best title for this passage is Good Study Habits	'How to Study'
When an animal is sick , it must be put separately taken good care	'given an injection'
How did the children of the author 's family look at the incident ? They treasured experience brought pleasure .	'They admired their father for his generosity and kindness .'
When did Patti decide to break the world 's long - distance running record for women ? After ran father weeks .	'After she completed her run to San Francisco'
When the author needed a post - office box , many people applied post - office boxes	'he wrote the postmaster a note of appreciation'
We can learn from the passage that cell phones also get people trouble	'stop people from communicating face to face'
The purpose for which weathermen of the army and navy began using girls ' names for hurricanes was given article	'to follow the standard method of the United States'
What does Tom think about Chinglish ? It also part Chinese culture .	'It shows Chinese are popular .'
Which of the following statements are NOT true ? The stranger better sight Mr. Smith .	'The fog was getting thicker and thicker .'
What should schools do to help the problem schoolboys ? Give lessons separate area .	'Train leaders of their peer groups .'
The best title for the passage may be Three values	'Endless love'
According to the passage , ground - level ozone can damage environment	'limit the spread of smog'
.Mr Douthett did n't want to get medical treatment because unwilling let others know disease	'doctors had no good ways to treat his bad toe'
Who was robbed of the watch on earth ? The Italian .	'The Frenchman was .'
From this passage , the author tells us that think big get big results	'even a fool can become a successful businessman'
What do we know about the small town Middleburg ? It attracts many people year .	"""It does n't respect Christmas traditions ."""
Babies will NOT be stimulated to smile by a person whose face seen side	'whose face is covered with a mask'
How is bamboo like grass ? It grows quickly 's cut short .	'It grows everywhere .'
The passage mainly tells us how to top students	'use the Internet'
The important feature of the Na'vi language is that spoken humans	'it is like the Klingon alien language'
Why did Mr. and Mrs. Harris think they would have to go to bed hungry when they arrived at the hotel ? Because thought meals would served late evening .	"""Because it 's a 5-star hotel ."""
If you love the aerial ropes course visit Oregon fall season	'you must face six competitions in Oregon'
What is the most important skill in the next century according to the passage ? The ability obtain apply knowledge .	'Knowledge we obtained in the past .'
When did the author realize she should n't just compete for scores ? When found longer usual self .	'When she got in every single honor level class .'
What can we learn about Beth ? She called Liz instead Beth	"""She has n't seen the author for seven years"""
"Which of the following is closest in meaning to the expression "" have all the answers "" ? know great deal something man 's life"	'be experienced in giving advice on any subject'
Who do environmental activists blame for environmental problems ? Unthinking shoppers .	'Shopping mall owners .'
Which is NOT right according to the passage ? The writer visited Lijiang Dayan Ancient City second day .	'The writer spent at least three days in Yunnan last summer .'
Amy 's letter showed that schoolmates ca n't understand disability	'she wanted to win Christmas Wish Contest'
If you hold in your feelings , body stays tense	"""they wo n't exist any more"""
When people in Colombia are in line at banks , they look	'look at other people'
What is not a part of the job ? Cooking kids .	'Telling English stories to the kid .'
From the first tip we can make the conclusion that writing helps control one 's feelings	'a geed habit helps to take away a bad one'
Miss Kate refuses to get together with some young man or another because n't think right man wants	'he is either too old or too young'
Some women do n't like to be offered a seat by men because like treated equally	"""they do n't need men 's favor"""
Linda thinks that doing housework will make her relaxed	'under much stress'
What do we know about the cloned ibex ? It died lung disease .	'It was the first cloned animal in the world .'
Why was it a challenge for Bryan to build card structures in his family 's farmhouse ? The floors house uneven .	'The floors of the house were slippery .'
The mother wrote the letter mainly to teach her daughter adapt married life	'how to trust her mother - in - law'
The most important thing for the students to take part in the holiday camps in Hong Kong is learn look	'to learn much knowledge about many things'
"In the step right after "" Buckle up ! "" you should practice how to fall safely"	'skate fast'
It 's most likely that after the iWatch comes onto the market , many relevant businesses burst scene	'belts with sensors will made inexpensive'
What does Jumping Tiger think is cool ? Basketball .	'Football .'
What did Jen do on Thanksgiving in the past ? She went farm mother .	'She made snow turkeys with her mother .'
The purpose of this passage is to ask go center	'introduce new ways of body - building'
According to this passage , we mainly find poor scores may result from    nervousness	'poor study habits'
Why did the three friends run across Eastern Europe ? To raise money charity .	"""To change people 's attitudes on running ."""
How did the London Underground solve the smoke problem ? It put fans tunnels .	'It cleaned the chemical gases in the tunnels .'
Which is the best title for the article from the newspaper ? Haze continues cover east north China	'Smoggy cities -- Shanghai & Nanjing .'
How did the neighbor manage to get what he really wanted ? He first asked something else .	'He spoke highly of Mr. Wu .'
Many doctors are out of job because little commercial value society	'there are fewer jobs in high schools'
With Pasha 's help , Jenny would probably like playing piano better	'know Mrs. Windsor better'
It will be easier for you to feel grateful when    get help hard times	'you live a comfortable life'
Vanilla left the writer because she wanted write right answers writer	"""did n't know what to do to help her friend"""
What do we know about Dan Phillips ? He full imagination intelligence .	"""It did n't take him long to build the houses ."""
Which of the following is true about a human being in the future ? He hairless hair longer useful .	"""His fingers grow weaker because he does n't use them ."""
What is it that made the author 's child dream come true ? The country 's reform opening - policy .	'Working harder than any other classmates .'
What is the best title for the passage ? The Importance Friends	'How to Make New Friends'
It is clear from the story that the conductor changed rude behavior passengers	'has now been kind and polite to women with children'
Talking about computer safety , which of the following the writer would probably suggest ? Better computer programs needed .	'People should stop using computers .'
What the best title for the passage ? Watch rabies	'Pets with rabies'
In order to choose healthy snacks , we should try to make sure that They high nutrition	'They contain trans fat'
What can affect the taste of carrots ? Weather , time soil condition	'Soil condition and time'
Why do so many students in Asia go to study in the USA and Europe ? Because enough chances students get higher education Asia .	'Because they can speak English very well .'
Why did the writer need to get up at six a.m. the next morning ? Because needed catch early bus .	'Because he needed to get ready for trip .'
"Why does the writer have""HEALTH""as one of his three words ? He 's gaining weight feeling bad ."	'He wants to take better care of others .'
The father advises his daughter not to stop trying hardest everything	'believe in herself when things go badly'
Why ca n't soft drinks be drunk in place of water when you feel thirsty ? They take water away body .	'They help brain cells work properly .'
What can we learn from the passage ? E - friends make life convenient 3044 .	'Life in 3044 is the same as life in the 21 century .'
What 's the best title ? Not father	'A free ice cream'
Why does the author encourage power plants to use biomass ? To reduce pollution .	'To prevent the waste of energy .'
Why did the spacewalkers leave the orbiting station unmanned ? The space station crew reduced two due accident .	'They had to throw a data - collecting device .'
The writer added one more bag of food to help poor street children	'make friends with the children'
What does the author intend to stress in the text ? The value team spirit .	'The smartness of the old neighbor .'
Arthur implies that to start a business in times of change , people have to face risks possible failure	'invest as much money as possible'
Which does this passage mainly talk about ? Groundhog Day weather forecasting	'A tongue - twisting small town'
What is the idea behind the special school ? The children creative .	'All the students need to be taught .'
Which of the following is the writer 's suggestion according to the passage ? Making person reborn every day .	'Stopping using hi - tech devices to avoid troubles in your life .'
According to the text , Ann Sutton warm - hearted ready help others	'is a single mother with a 12-month - old boy .'
In Compton - Rock 's opinion , the Bushwick kids learn deal problems helping others	'are living much better than people in Africa'
The girl is unwilling to use a stick or ask for help because ca n't stand found different others	'asking for help will cost her money'
Joshua Bell played in the metro station in order to find people 's reaction circumstance	'practice his skills in playing music'
With the example of two raises , the author shows us that worked hard company	'she spent less time with her son'
"According to the passage , the "" dentist 's chair "" is drinking game made famous celebrations footballer Paul Gascoigne"	'a way to promote mass consumption of alcohol'
What does Don McNay think of winning a lottery ? It n't necessarily bring fortune .	"""It 's a blessing for the winner ."""
Neither of the two mice ran away immediately because one trying help blind one	'the mouth of the hole was too small'
"The statement "" my hands and my fingers still remember "" ( Para.1 ) means that author 's hands tool cleaning"	'the author was bullied by the big boys in the cleaning up'
What has playing video games become now ? A job .	'A sport .'
Mrs Ellen Parker asked for ten pounds of steak because wanted know size 10-pound meat	'she wanted to buy some for dinner'
One way that birds keep clean is to take sand baths	'clean each other'
Hamilton is expected to discontinue present practice	'quit being the organizer for gift giving'
The teacher 's purpose of showing the toys was help students know different people	'to teach toys how to make a friend'
What is the best tittle for the passage ? Different languages ?	'Differences between Britain and Austrilia'
will put on performance at 7:30 pm at Shanghai Center Theater . The Song Dance Troupe RepublicofKorea	'a Russian Philharmonic Orchestra'
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? Dance Together Last	'My Last Dance with Dar'
What will Red Pandas do when they are in trouble ? They stand back legs make hissing sound .	'They will wrap their tails around their heads .'
The king wanted to choose a person to next leader	'grow beautiful flowers for him'
When you are singing , you are using your right brain	'left halves'
Linda does not think it expensive to ring , because speak one side word	'it only costs four pounds and ninety pence'
At Christmas , people in Middleburg usually ride yearly parade	'feed farm horses with hay'
What time does Jane get home ? At six .	"""At five o'clock ."""
The author likes standing up while working because hopes improve work relax	'researchers say standing makes one healthier'
It can be inferred from the text that before the energy crisis Chinese food n't look fresh	"""did n't taste good"""
According to the passage , all of the following are unique to the horn shark EXCEPT that good swimming	'it is only found in the coastal waters of north - west North America'
What is the passage mainly about ? How adoption created happy family .	'Where you can adopt a child .'
What is the biggest problem in today 's life ? Pollution .	'Dirty water .'
Bronner 's mainly sells holiday products imported foreign countries	'holiday products to tourists from foreign countries'
Mr brown had quite a good job in Hong Kong but he thought that if he went to Singapore he might get a much better job with more money and a large house . His wife did not want him to leave his job in Hong Kong and she warned him that bird hand worth two bush	'he who pays the piper calls the tune'
What do we know about the Barotse Plains ? It royal tombs .	"""It 'll be listed as a World Heritage Site soon ."""
Why did Jack run home like an arrow ? He terribly frightened .	'He was racing with the old lady .'
What has been the most popular story on the website this week ? Top Danger Lions : Hunting	'A Day in New York'
Diana asked Vivien and the writer to forgive her because realized wrong	"""Vivien and the writer did n't talk to her"""
We can learn from the passage that Nicola thinks letter written show love	'knows a little Chinese'
You do n't have to pay on Monday if you go to    New York Museum	'Lansdowne Park Shopping Centre'
The book Teaching Boys is intended for teachers	'boys'
What is the biggest challenge in realizing the concept Green Freedom ? It economically practical .	'Only a few scientists support the idea .'
How did Stirling know the reason for the death of the polar bear ? By lying position death .	'By observing other polar bears .'
Which is TRUE about Science Made Simple ? Parents buy Internet .	"""It can help with all of life 's important questions ."""
What do we know about the traveling vet lab ? It collects dogs ' blood dogs .	'It was donated by the University of Pennsylvania .'
Why did Annabelle prevent the man from cutting down the tree ? Because trees protect environment .	'Because she considered it a danger to cut down trees .'
What did the two hunters do in the forest ? They hunted lot animals .	'They learned how to fly a plane .'
Why will not birds fall when they are at rest ? They lock feet around branch .	'They build nests and sleep in them .'
Which of the following statements is true ? The bonus enough exchanged $ 10 gift card .	'New Plink members have the chance to get two gift cards .'
As for the experienced runners , what attracts them most is chance enjoy nature outdoors	'the exciting experience technology brings them'
The study done by Andrew Howell and his colleagues reveals influences one willing apologizer	'when people might apologize willingly'
The writer 's daughter told happy life	'loved her mother more than him'
The author thought it was a good thing for her to lose another tooth because believed tooth fairy would come	'she disliked her baby teeth'
What will you do first of all to enter the BBC Kid Reporter team ? Visit website fill entry form .	'Ask your parents to sign your entry form .'
What can be learned about Swiss watch industry from the passage ? It targets rich people potential customers .	"""It 's easy for the industry to reinvent cheap watches ."""
The passage is mainly about problems technology	'improvements of our lives with technology'
According to the text , the friends you get to know in class may take notes	'help you to become a good player'
What does the author mainly want to tell us with this article ? We stay young heart .	'Snow brings both fun and trouble .'
"Why did the people in the publishing business call 1990 "" The year of Wang Guo zhen "" ? Because books sold well 1990 ."	'Because some of his poems are still often quoted by famous people .'
Columbus and his men stopped at the island because hoped get supplies food water	'they wanted to meet the Indians there'
People tend to make mistakes when perform several challenging tasks time	'the tasks require little thought'
Goodbye Mr. Loser was amazing because successful film common actors	'it was the first film made by Happy Mahua Pictures .'
What is TRUE about all human beings ? They members groups .	'They separate themselves from the rest of mankind .'
The biography for Jobs is believed to have the perfect design because     follows Jobs ' style	'its cover is entirely white'
Joe ca n't go to sleep because people ask time .	"""people do n't want him to sleep ."""
Yu Dan became popular mainly because people show great interest ancient texts	'she is a professor at Beijing Normal University'
How can you enjoy more in your trip to Amsterdam ? You find guide .	"""You need n't follow the traffic rules ."""
What is Google trying to find out ? The connection color business .	'How to become the biggest U.S. company .'
It can be inferred from the passage that a metaphor is rich meaning	'simple to use'
We can learn from this passage that writer thinks people n't change languages .	'the Chinese characters have been changed into Japanese'
In the classroom , Peter can see children flying kites near river	'his aunt buy a kite for him'
Mrs. King works in a hospital Beijing	'junior high school in Beijing'
From the passage , we can learn that the author given advice upsets sisters	'has adopted her BBF as her sister'
"What had the host - mom expected to see when the boy responded to her invitation ? Nodding head "" yes "" ."	"'Shaking his head with a "" yes "" .'"
His cat 's first name was Sky	'Cat'
Once you make a decision in your 20 's , it will affect future life	'change your whole life'
Which of the following is TRUE of the unicorn ? It could symbol university	'Its horn was first used in France'
Which of the following about Warren Wilson College is TRUE ? It sustains almost without help others .	'It owns a campus garden and a seeding program .'
The gesture of putting one 's thumb up should not be used when you are travelling in Greece	'the United States'
""" www.britishcouncil.org.cn "" is a ( an ) website one make foreign friends"	'English newspaper for students and language teachers'
Why did Banerjee design his invention ? He school science project .	'He wanted to get money from his father .'
Where can we usually read this passage ? In newspaper .	'In a school report .'
According to the text , what was the most important thing to do for the three men ? Keeping farther away rocks .	'Keeping Mr Popple swimming in the sea .'
Why would it not be easy for George to prove himself ? Because must choose best one among different ways	'Because the other boys had found out what kind of a boy he was'
Which of the following might be the best title for the passage ? My grandmother 's apple pie	'The last days of summer'
Margaret gets angry with people who work in the office because always make mess offices	'they never do their work carefully'
What McAlpine doubts about the technology is sound resource	'the cost of piezoelectrics'
What 's the best title of this text ? The return heroine	'A terrorism attack'
From the case in the passage we can conclude that small thing may lead child dislike going school	"""a child hating school need n't be taken seriously"""
He left school after taking six O - levels because wanted work computers .	'he wanted to earn a lot of money .'
""" ... knowing how to investigate , how to discover information , is important to everyone . "" The writer says this to show importance thinking"	'the difference between scientists and ordinary people'
The best thing to do after a quarrel is to . apologize others first .	'let go of our own rights'
In the letter Lincoln suggested that Johnston should keep children idle habit	'go to work hard for somebody'
"Why do we say China is a "" country of bikes "" ? Because many bikes China , see bikes ."	'Because we all go to school by bike .'
A 13-year - old student was shot with a gun after school , unable to call his mother for help , because n't take cellphone	'his mother had no cellphone'
What can we learn about the tradition of queuing in Britain ? It considered symbol civilized behavior .	'It was a long time tradition as old as the Queen .'
When a tourist asks the Japanese the way to a certain place , they usually refer recognizable buildings places	'tell him the names of the streets'
Where did the story happen ? On beach night	'In a house near the dunes .'
When mother hugged the author tightly , she was showing that valued author done	'she was touched by the beauty of the flower'
What might be the cause of the children 's sickness ? There many insects .	"""The crops did n't do well ."""
From this passage we can know that a good guide explain something visitors ca n't understand	'must take visitors to the Taj Mahal and the tiger reserve'
The Bronze You , unearthed in Jiangxi province , has an opening to place charcoals	'hold charcoal ashes'
Why is it difficult to predict the possible effects of electromagnetic fields on an airplane 's computers ? Because research scientists able produce effects labs .	'Because experts lack adequate equipment to do such research .'
Wix.com is meant to build company 's website cheap	'attract more customers online'
Which of the following might be the best title for the passage ? US Military Plans	'President George W. Bush and the World Peace'
When the old man first appeared , Pang looked at his brandy glass because    thought much brandy	'he wanted to offer the old man some brandy'
Which is an initiative adopted by Crow at Arizona State University ? Enrolling students poor families .	'Launching the School of Life Sciences .'
On that night before the important exam , Fred was very quiet because would choose answers chance	'the exam would be very easy'
Mandela 's hobbies on Robben Island were gardening tennis	'gardening techniques and types of fertilizers'
When the boy knew he would stay alone , he thought it was a chance for him to go see house	'make the gold windows'
What 's the attitude of the insurer to this injury ? He thinks accident informed time .	'He compensated in time when they received the letter for claim .'
What is Helen 's problem ? She n't want parents ask .	"""Her parents do n't care about her feelings ."""
What do you know about Peng Weiye ? She pays close attention everything S. H. E.	"""She stayed outside the Hongkou Stadium to listen to S. H. E. 's performance ."""
What made the research so different ? Combining two ways treat depression .	'Treating depression with special medicine .'
"What do we learn about the word "" Diski "" ? It probably mainly used South Africa South Africa World Cup ."	'It has become the most popular sports word in the world now .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Marco Polo China	'Kublai Khan -- the greatest emperor'
Scientists are most worried that the space junk stop future space vehicles	'will burn up in space'
Which kind of weekend diet does the greatest harm ? Snacking meals .	'Having a big meal with family and friends .'
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? What You Should Know Broken Bones	'How to Know if a Bone is Broken'
Why was the boy sent to the library by the fourthgrade teacher ? He needed something challenge .	'He failed to finish his work on time .'
What can we learn about the author 's children ? His daughter better school .	"""His son could n't write his book reports ."""
After the boy pushed a paper ball into his nose , tried take failed	'his mother took it out'
What should one do if he wants to enjoy a free trip ? He organize least 15 tourists route .	'He should design his own route .'
.Why does introducing books to kids between 1 and 5 years old help them greatly ? Because usually age intellectual capabilities form .	'Because it helps them learn much faster when they are older .'
"According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true about "" Junior "" ? It invented Sebastian Thrun ."	'It is controlled by a robot or a computer .'
Which one is right ? John clever .	"""John 's mother does n't love him ."""
Sam thanked Mr Lee mainly because Mr Lee operation according wish	"""saved his friend Jason 's life"""
Which of the following is NOT used in geocaching ? A compass .	'A GPS device .'
Which of the following can we infer from the passage ? Holiday makers adaptable non - holidaymakers .	'Most people like to stay at home during the holiday .'
Many Windows 8 users will face the problem that n't get accustomed new interface	'Start Menu is hidden in the lower left corner'
What do Facebook users like to do mostly on Facebook ? They like to update personal statuses	'post messages and comments to friends'
When the villagers found the hippos , they became careful went near lake	'stopped collecting water from the lake'
From the passage we can infer Xia Haibo made living begging since July 2007	'enjoys begging money by pretending to read books'
The father dropped the grapes one by one because he wanted teach son lesson	'his son to eat them all'
Why did the writer choose to spend her holiday with her aunt in Spain ? She could hardly afford better trip .	'Spain was her ideal destination .'
The author helped to preserve the turtle population by picking rubbish shoreline	'creating a safe nest for turtles'
When is an ordinary tropical storm called a hurricane ? When winds reach 75 miles per hour .	'When it begins in the Atlantic and Caribbean seas .'
When you sit beside the driver , you 'd better direct driver necessary	'keep looking at the map to find another place to go to'
Why did the writer feel surprised when he saw the kids joined the search ? Because found helpful though young .	'Because they got the boy hidden somewhere .'
What does the auther learn from his experiece ? Being kind others mean lot .	'Old people are afraid of traffic .'
The passage mainly tells us whether fountain youth exists	'how the fountain of youth came into being'
What can be the best title of the passage ? The Bank Time	'The Value of One Hour'
We eventually have to send people on Mars because robots ca n't tell us want know	'robots could not send back pictures'
According to the passage , it may soon be possible make artificial hearts eyes	'to transplant human organs'
What did the author do after chatting with them ? Join kind strangers .	'Buy the rest of the bottled water .'
According to the passage , the new leaders of China have to     keep balance property industry healthy growth rate	'increase the speed of economic growth this year'
What is the application value of the new research ? Some smells could developed better mood .	'Some smells could be created to improve our appearance .'
According to the passage , the writer mother several children	'got the yellow birthday book at 8'
In this article the author mainly describes mixed feelings months leading towards graduation actual graduation day	'her eagerness to go to a wonderful university far away from home'
We can learn from the passage that the author 's neighbors glad old house would new owner	'hired two college students to help him'
Why did many people try to leave the Ancient Town of Fenghuang ? Because serious flood .	'Because of the homeless people .'
We can infer from the text that the author would probably make new friends Denver	'go back to her hometown to visit Stacey'
The differences between Western and Chinese Dinning System lie in the following aspects EXCEPT opposition dependence	'the purpose for health and for the friendship'
What did the author study in the first place when he was in college ? Commercial art .	'Psychology .'
What makes Grimsvom different from other volcanoes ? It ice .	'It is the largest volcano'
If you plan to visit the St. Louis Zoo , you can go there 8:30 a.m. summer	"""on New Year ' Day"""
We can guess from the text that the responsibility of the Food and Drug Administration is to guarantee safety foods drugs	'introduce new foods and drugs'
"The last sentence "" Or get a bigger wallet""means ""   Phonecards cheap"	'Thieves will not break card phones'
Why did the author come back to Tennessee ? Because father ill needs caring	'Because his father invited him to go fishing'
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Ulan Bator capital Mongolian Republic .	'The train broke down at the Mongolian Republic border .'
The main problem of travelling with teenagers is that interests schedules different parents '	"""they do n't want to travel with their parents"""
Who wants to buy a blouse but not a sweater ? Anne .	'John .'
When we post parcels , we must 	'address them correctly'
"Whether you find "" sick humour "" funny or not will depend on ability see funny side unpleasant event"	'the joke being related to a really comic situation'
The passage is written for students	'teachers'
Why does the author write the passage ? He wants make teens born 1990s understand .	'He criticizes the teens born in the 1990s .'
Which of the following best reveals the author 's attitude towards piano practice ? She played recording instead practicing .	'She tried to make the piano teacher pleased .'
The levels of bacteria were re - measured in the research because second measurement involved ways hand drying	'different parts of the hands were measured'
Why does the author discuss forcing everyone to buy the same car or eat the same food ? To suggest would happen uniforms became compulsory .	"""To show that the government has too much control over people 's lives ."""
Who will be encouraged most after reading the passage ? People ca n't depend nepotism .	'People with high intelligence .'
Why do you think Mary giggled at the end ? She happy finished real weapon without noticing .	'She was amused by the way they spoke with meat filled in their mouths .'
What does edX mainly do ? Providing free courses .	"""Discovering people 's new passion ."""
"How did the "" prisoner "" get the biggest apple ? By cheating mother ."	'By doing the best job .'
American women make clothes by themselves because ready - - wear clothes cost great deal money	"""they ca n't get great satisfaction from buying clothes"""
Which of the following is a unique experience that space hotels will offer ? The special views .	'The space walk .'
We can infer from the passage that students hardly balance real virtual life .	'virtual life is more vivid and attractive anyway .'
The passage is probably taken from newspaper	'a lift instruction'
The former Premier Zhu Rongji is mentioned in the passage because uncommon character name	'he once stressed the importance of standardizing Chinese characters'
Which of the following is TRUE about poinsettias ? American people like .	'They are not widely used as Christmas trees .'
Most disabled people used to die early because medical techniques available	'disabilities destroyed major bodily functions'
Why did she leave her duties as a teacher after 15 years in Loretto House ? The poor slums needed care .	'The students in Loretto House were rich .'
According to the text , Rachel set up the birthday page to raise money help African children	'call on people to donate hair'
"If you take the "" 4-Day Beautiful Guilin Private Tour "" , you will be able to enjoy river life"	'enjoy the spring climate'
This Saturday was very special for Patrick because would get result programme waiting	'he was allowed to watch TV this morning'
According to the passage , the ways to slow down the population of toads are based on the fact that cane toads move slower thick plants	'have no natural enemy in Australia'
The reason why there are no personal possessions in Utopia is that everything belongs everyone	"""the people do n't need money"""
What is not helpful for you to enjoy learning English ? To worry making mistakes .	'To communicate in English .'
The passage is probably written for high school students	'high school teachers'
Which of the following can be filled in the blank in the last part ? Visitor Service	'Visitor Complains'
The 3D picture will be made show really great Great Wall entire world .	'placed over the Great Wall'
The Art Institute of Chicago can be visited on Independence Day	"""New Year 's Day"""
It can be learned from the text that Conor Grennan author Little Princes	'has already settled in Nepal'
What Can we infer from the passage ? Some kinds plants n't affected air pollution .	'Crops in China are hard to feed its large population .'
From the text we learn that unhealthy diet lead serious health problems	'you will be healthy as long as you stop dieting'
Jonathan did n't tell the truth to his mother because wanted considered boy	'he felt ashamed after being bullied'
What did Tracy do after finding the dog ? She looked owner	'She gave it to Ann as a gift .'
"The "" Let 's Move "" campaign aims to keep American children healthy"	'instruct parents to cook healthy food at home'
How did Annie 's feelings change from the beginning of the story to the end of the story ? In beginning afraid ; end felt proud	'In the beginning she felt relaxed ; in the end she felt anxious'
It seemed that Paul     lost interest history .	'was ready for the history test .'
From the text , we know that the author 's greatest concern is creating technology without really understanding basic science	'Our refusal to face the consequences of the technology we create'
It is certain that the story happened America	"""in the Queen 's party"""
Which is the best title for this passage ? The fastest animals .	'What animal has the largest eggs .'
The author gives the two examples at the end of the text to show biomimcry works harmoniously nature	'how nature inspires scientists'
Which of the following places could be most suitable for the winter sports lovers ? Zurich .	'The City of Angels .'
The computer science student called up the author because he tried persuade author work	"""thought the author was n't fit to be a teacher"""
Some students of Morton High School were sent back home for wearing right clothes	'being late for school'
What is Ben Nevis special for ? The water mountain .	'The Inverlochy Castle Hotel .'
Young people should be encouraged to dream because dreams might change world	'their dreams are natural'
What should a person do if he is in a bad relationship with his roommates , according to the author ? Think 's wrong put right .	'Acknowledge the truth of his life and let it be .'
What led to the true popularization of Valentine 's Day ? The British publishing company 's selling cards .	"""One Valentine 's death ."""
Why were people easily persuaded by David and Hammond 's idea ? They wanted make cities nicer places .	'They realized the High Line was historically important .'
Children are advised to read the Harry Potter series because help improve children 's reading ability	"""children ca n't learn much from the films"""
What does the writer want to tell us ? Hard work leads success .	'Kindness in our lives can help us grow .'
Which of the following is NOT a reason why Judy is a good name ? The high number famous people called Judy .	'The association people make with it .'
"What does the word "" taboo '' refer to in the passage ? Behavior considered unacceptable society ."	'An unfavorable impression left on other people .'
Isabella 's father encourages her to do many things EXCEPT travel around world	'to try new things'
If you are a tourist of Greece from oversea , you 'd better choose guided Greece bus tours	'air - conditioned express buses'
If Jane wants to know how Winslow gets injured , she will be interested in Bones ; Food Plenty It	'The Sloth Must Be Crazy ; Smarter than You Think'
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Have enough sleep healthy food every day .	"""Do n't tell others when you feel sad ."""
If you visit the Ice Hotel , you can enjoy the following EXCEPT holding ice party	'appreciating ice sculptures'
On schoolday Mondays , the Euro Space Center closed whole day	'will have a space show in the IMAX cinema'
Which is the best title for the passage ? Mother 's Secret Love	"""Mother 's Hair"""
The US College pay special attention to different achievement	"""students'ideas about way of life ."""
Thomas picked up the grapes and ate them because thirsty	'his father wanted him to eat them'
Why did the World Bank give more than 37 billion yuan to China ? To help China get poverty .	'To buy much food for poor people .'
Where was Markus Groh from ? Australia	'Florida'
What is the article mainly about ? The author 's naughty behavior child .	"""The author 's experience of being stung by bees ."""
The author used the beads to amuse audience	'show his ability to talk through the beads'
After reading the passage we learn that Jennifer Fitzgerald n't want pay money	'thinks Patrick should pay the fines'
Why do most of the clubs use a lot of high school and university students as volunteers ? Because understand problem children .	'Because they know the things the young children usually learn from their fathers .'
Reporters who write on films are said to be lucky because they see films people see cinema	'can write anything they like'
In the eyes of the author , the introduction of industrial life gives rise to emphasis efficiency	'magnificent idling of time'
Advertisements that play on our weaknesses make us desire things need	'purchase the goods we need'
The main idea of this passage is humor important lives	'Sam Maynard saved his job with humor'
The author 's mum started her own business after she got continuous orders friend	'designed unique gift baskets for the holidays'
When problems occur , winners take them as chances self - development	'barriers to greater power'
We can inter that when Mikey was absent from the class , he was     somewhere enjoying	'studying the art of the excuse note'
What kind of company do they run ? A coffee shop .	'A tea shop .'
We can learn from this passage that John 's mother n't depend others give easily	'believed one would succeed without working hard'
Why did the author leave the store angrily ? The clerk treated unkindly .	"""The clerk did n't speak English ."""
What should parents do to help their children have a good sleep ? They help children form good sleep habits .	'They should give kids some sugar - containing drink .'
"The proverb "" Rome was n't built in a day "" applies to a situation where online wealth gained bit bit"	'family and friends will be against your idea'
According to the text , Lubeck could n't find safe way	'called for help in the fire'
What is the best title for the passage ? Struggle Against Difficulties	'A Miserable Life'
What happens to girls named Hazel according to the passage ? others often make fun .	'They suffer from hurricanes .'
Why do people turn to songs to feel better ? Because music good effect .	'Because listening to music is their hobby .'
We can infer from the text that PATT win - win program	'students help improve the conditions of the prison'
The following are mentioned in the passage showing that the Web brings convenience EXCEPT for getting newspaper	'finding a restaurant'
The author thinks music connect heart heart	'is difficult for pre.school students'
What can you tell about Erica from the ending of this story ? She looking forward future .	"""She 's a good student who gets mostly A 's ."""
According to the passage , nowadays a smart home can lock the door through mobile phones	'mirror technologies'
In his book Practice and Invention , Liu mainly tells teaching experience	'his students'
""" Finding a partner in crime "" means asking someone help end call"	'getting right to the heart of the matter'
Which of the following products contains BPA ? A baby milk bottle .	'A soft plastic cup .'
What was the author 's father method of punishing him for his mistakes ? His father forced reading tested later .	'His father ordered him to learn about the aardvark and quizzed him shortly after .'
From the passage , when an earthquake is happening , we should . stay strong furniture	'stay under a big building'
What kind of man do you think he was ? He snob	'He was eager to serve the women in fur coats .'
What can we learn about Robert Catesby ? He shot dead fight .	'He wrote a letter to his relative in the authorities .'
The author 's purpose of writing this passage is to tell readers taught ESL students write	'show readers how ESL students live and study'
Which is the best title ? How make friends .	'What makes good friends .'
Which is the best title of the passage ? Characteristics foreigners .	"""Success is an important part in Americans ' life ."""
Which of the following helps other desert plants adapt to the dry climate ? Small leaves .	'Deep depressions .'
From the passage we learn that the young man seemed unlikely win gold medal	'made his turn to start back pitifully'
"What can we learn about "" exposure therapy "" It turned quite effective"	'The participants had photos taken with spiders in the end ?'
A few days after the fathers birthday , the boy    killed accident	'became unhappy with his father'
If you lose your passport in New York , you may probably get help from CONVENTION AND VISITORS BUREAU	'TIMES SQUARE INFORMATION CENTER'
All people need friends because they like feel close .	'often feel lonely .'
What did the author   want her mother to do earlier that day ? Speak school lunch .	'Taste her awful lunch .'
What 's Wei 's problem ? He n't much money .	"""His parents ca n't afford his dreams ."""
The author had to hitch a ride one day in 1978 because missed train back home	'the town was far away from Sydney'
The 100th anniversary of the Goo Goo Cluster is being celebrated by offering specially designed desserts	'holding a competition of eating candies'
In Kevin Cusack 's opinion , paying to volunteer overseas may benefit volunteers community work	'can help volunteers learn more about another culture'
What can we infer from the passage ? , Will power challenged become powerful .	'The study has an impact on the science of movement'
The library 's upper floor is mainly for students to read quiet place	'get their computers fixed'
Why will America joining in the ISS be tied to the result of the examination ? Because need America 's rockets spacecraft	'Because Obama ordered the human spaceflight examination'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Sledding Arctic	'Consequences of global warming'
Where a story is presented in a newspaper shows    . story 's impact readers	"""the editor 's prejudice"""
In Discovery Space , students can study science free way	"""attend Scientific educators ' class"""
Why did she go for long walks along the country roads ? Because afraid disturb rest family .	'Because she was afraid to practise the high tones .'
On Monday the teacher works three hours	"""ca n't work"""
We can learn from the passage that the human genome coded alphabet four letters	'is as long as the River Danube'
This passage was written mainly for people want attend Earth Day events Catskill regions6t----	'people who celebrate Earth Day all over the worlds6t----'
What would be the best title for the text ? Surfers Rescue Man Caught Tide	'Notorious Place for Surfers'
Which of the following is true ? About 20 % people stay one place five years .	'Children have to finish middle school in one place .'
Why did the crocodile leave Pieter ? It got part left arm .	'It had taken his wedding ring .'
How should you cook meals according to the author ? Adjust electricity amount according different dishes .	'Set the oven for 25 degrees higher than required .'
The iPhone 4 drops more bars than normal when tightly held because of wrong formula	'weak signal strength'
What should people do with meat products according to David Heath 's suggestions ? Go eating .	'Send them back to the food companies'
According to the what can users do if they lose their smart phones ? Stop luneting niet phones .	'Cat all the money out of their phones .'
Why could the train stop quickly ? Because moving slowly time .	'Because the driver saw the pram fall .'
Which of the following statements would the author not accept ? All bad habits kicked time .	'A positive attitude helps us achieve greater success .'
What aspect of diversity does Valerie Gauthier think is most important ? Social professional experience .	'Attitude and approach to business .'
"In the passage , "" Literacy Volunteers "" is great use people like author"	'only intended to help the Chinese - Americans'
Which of the following is right ? Slowing find deep - joy necessary .	'It is better to go back to the ancient times since we are so busy now .'
Hellen Keller was famous because As blind , learned read write helped many people world .	"""she could n't see or hear"""
Which of the following is the exception for the girls ? To use cell phone freely .	'To play two sports .'
The old lady left the change , mainly wishing to bring love forward helping need	"""express thanks for the waitress ' quality service"""
What is the key to the recognition of Hatshepsut 's mummy ? The tooth .	"""Hatshepsut 's name ."""
What should you bring when you are invited to have dinner ? Chocolates flowers .	'Tea or drinks .'
How did henry find out about the farm ? He saw newspaper advertisement .	'His best friend told him .'
If you want to be hired as a classroom teacher by the above organization , you should Bachelor Degree	'know how to teach middle school students'
People in the developed countries often eat protect cold	'grow a lot of healthy foods in their countries'
A person who ca n't feel happy himself get well others	'will feel happy with lots of friends'
Which can be chosen as the best title for the story ? The flames forgiveness	'A regretful letter to father'
What is the article    about ? A picture Liu Ping 's room	"""A picture of Eric 's room ."""
What is the purpose of the article ? To warn us virus .	'To stress the importance of computer .'
Why did Ma Yan leave school for the first time ? Her family n't money school .	"""She did n't study as hard as her brothers ."""
We can learn from the passage that a Japanese ca n't apply job	'can apply the job at any time'
One morning the stranger recognized Mr. Grey , and    asked Mr. Grey money	'wanted to return Mr. Grey the money'
. The new iPhone 3 G has following features except that expensive people buy	'it has a faster network'
Why did people all over the world mourn Steve Jobs ? He revolutionized technology made enjoyable .	'He released a new iPhone version before death .'
After supper   she A B	"""goes over the students ' homework"""
The old lady stood by the road , holding out her hands because would probably something law	'she was too old to stand up herself'
Why did the bird take Da Niu 's hat ? Because wanted save Da Niu 's life .	'Because Da Niu was unfriendly to it .'
"By saying "" It just will not wash "" , the employer actually means ""   advice wo n't bring good results"	'your idea is too good to be true'
The writer thinks there is no use worrying about some causes of nervousness because controlled people	'they are not the real causes of the problem'
What is the best title of the passage ? Finding Home London	'Unforgettable Chunjie in Beijing'
Why do the woman and the dog get on the bus ? It rainy day .	'The dog can sit'
What is the purpose of this speech ? To encourage students join program .	'To tell a story about adopting a pet .'
What was the possible reason for the author 's giving up the piano ? He n't like play piano .	"""He could n't pass the examination ."""
Many people do n't like to stay at home on holidays because want see something new	'they want to see different people'
From the passage we can see that the boat company n't old one	'has to advise customers to buy its boats'
Before the writer went to college , he always turned to his father for building design idea	'making a puppet show'
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? American girls love white skin .	'American students are hard - working .'
The passage is meant to report Donald Sterling 's racist comments consequences	'tell readers how the audio recording was leaked to the public'
Hasbro Electronic Catch Phrase can be used to help children say learn phrases	'store words and phrases for future use .'
""" Professional work "" as used in the text means stage training school"	'ordinary school work'
The most common way to communicate is talking others	'by using body language'
According to the passage , always holding back our emotions will lead to B C	'blood pressure problems'
Why have people recently started climbing Mount Yasur ? People surf volcano .	'People can climb it easily .'
What is the subject of the passage ? Communication styles	'Features of Western culture'
Who wrote Grimms ' Fairy Tales ? Jacob William .	'Some old people .'
What 's the subject discussed in the text ? What identity stolen .	'What you should do if your credit card is stolen .'
According to the California study , the low - scoring group might watched lot TV	'have had computers in their bedrooms'
The woman 's father objected to her romance because the young man American needed support	"""could n't speak Danish"""
What should n't you do when you are on line ? Using bad language .	'Treating everyone online as strangers .'
Bay Language Academy and Chinese Immersion Summer Camp are similar in that provide field trips	'they are both intended for kids of 4 - 12 years old'
Henry was embarrassed because he    took hand complete stranger	'heard hid wife screaming in the street'
According to the passage , it might be appropriate for you to tell a joke at a business or social gathering if best friend involved conversation	'the joke is well chosen'
What is the principle of the hospital in employing a worker ? Ability comes first .	'Easy job for the weak .'
Penguins eat fish	'live only in cold waters .'
Which of the following can tell the main idea of the passage ? A new heating system .	'A new microwave oven .'
If you ca n't follow your teachers in class , what should you do ? Ask class .	'Ask them before class .'
What did the rich boy saw crying sadly on his way to buy some chocolate ? A little girl .	'A little boy .'
Why did Clara give up her job in the free school ? Because officials n't make principal .	'Because she wanted to work in a Patent Office .'
The thief was trying to get neighbor 's doorbell	'a door with a bell on it'
Which of the following statements about the polar vortex is NOT true ? All places swept across became extremely cold .	'It came from around the North Pole area .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Hold fast life 's purpose .	'Live a balanced life .'
Which would be the best title for this passage ? Conflict Father Son	'A talk between Father and Son'
The writer writes this passage to persuade people buy	'give some information about Foulsham House'
According to the passage , earworms are songs keep going round mind	'parasites clearly under our control'
Why did Grant name his cancer Michigan ? Because favorite team always beat Michigan	'Because Michigan is his favorite team .'
"We can infer from the passage that There quite "" quick books "" busy people"	'Helen Fry is good at writing books quickly'
Khurana also offers free food and medicine to the children because necessities - - school children	'the basic family needs are included in her model program'
Alice Munro would most probably be informed of her winning by The passage n't clarify .	'picking up her answering machine'
We can infer that the person who donate the ears is His mother .	'His father .'
""" I do n't have a good time at my new school""has the same meaning as ""   I never fun new school"	'I have a good time at my new school'
Why were the rockets really fired ? To signal help .	'To warn other ships .'
The Chinese girl smiled in an American classroom because could n't answer question	'she was asked to answer a question'
Many children use computers to A , B C	'play games'
What does Father School do ? It helps father show love family .	'It helps father to show love to his parents .'
"The word "" swallow "" means to take stomach throat"	'eat with difficulty'
It can be concluded from the passage that virtual reality helps promote understanding among people	'technology helps people realize their dreams'
Why is it not easy to find a right gift on Mother 's day ? Because always want get something special	"""Because mothers do n't like gifts ."""
As it is indicated in the passage , the figure of a conqueror or a general or a soldier is put on the highest pillars in the great cities of the world mainly because people respect much	'people think they fought too brutally'
What inspired Morioka to open such a bookstore ? His working experience	'A bookstore clerk'
According to the passage , which of the following would a husband most probably like to do ? repair fence	'ask his wife to work on the yard .'
About distributed practice and practice testing , it 's true that small number experts know	'psychologists are studying whether they are effective'
We know from the text that scientists at the time of the Roman Empire believed in saw eyes	'the most advanced theories at that time'
Many Japanese students have to follow the following rules EXCEPT wear indoor shoes school	"""ca n't leave home after sunset"""
What will Messi have to do in order to be complete in his soccer career ? He must win World Cup Argentina .	'He must win the tournament a few more times .'
Many people believed that the Bismarck could not be defeated because she fast powerful	'had bigger guns than other ships'
Why did the three graduate students imagine a smart alarm clock ? To improve quality people 's sleep .	'To wake them up on time in the morning .'
What is the work in a newspaper office like ? Fast busy .	'Important and patient .'
In which of the following situations are objects most likely to be left inside a patient ? unexpected happens changes must made procedure .	'The nurses are counting the equipment and the patient is being X - rayed .'
Simpson was very happy when the writer greeted him because n't expect writer recognize instantly	'he had a very important letter to post'
In fact , the Englishman who tried to fly lost life	'flew only 8 minutes'
The British Library founded seventeenth century	'was famous only for its rich collection of books and magazines'
A good doctor is essential    for the author to eventually get responsible party pay injury	'talk with the person responsible for the accident'
Why did the girl have a purse with 57 cents ? To help build church big enough every child go .	'To build a large building for more children to live in .'
The younger and stronger ants do the toughest job because sharp blade cut leaves	'they can teansport the leaves effectively'
The purpose of the passage is to advertise iMove database	'make German companies more popular'
By visiting the zoo , you will contribute protecting endangered species	'become a volunteer for species at the zoo'
"What 's the similarity between "" tuhhao "" and "" dama "" ? Both take new meanings ."	'Both will be uploaded in the next dictionary version .'
How do the Netherlands improve the city traffic according to the text ? By creating suspended roundabouts roadways .	'By updating the city roadway condition .'
What is the text mainly about ? How feel ease social gathering .	'How to prepare for a social gathering .'
Many Japanese students are unhappy at school because parents put much pressure	'the school work is too much'
What idea stops you from realizing your dream ? I good school subjects .	'I am the best student in our class .'
The old man drove home late one night	'with a policeman'
What 's one of the best ways to put out the underground fire ? To speed fire	'To see the fire burning'
What does the underline part tell us about the author ? He n't clear goal .	'He knew little about the job .'
The retina send pulses to the brain along optic nerve .	'as color1 pictures'
The author took up writing poetry as a hobby when he Grade Three high school	'was in Grade One in high school'
When the boy finally told his father that all the nails were gone , his father took fence look holes	'asked him to pull out one nail of the back of the fence'
Why is e - waste banned from landfills in many states ? Because might damage environment .	'Because the landfills are already full .'
The writer visited the TEP children      help write thank - letter	'to help them build up their confidence'
Backpacks are convenient because hands freed things .	'they can hold as many things as you want to carry .'
Who is suitable to work as a Community Representative in YOUTH International ? One enjoys working teenagers different countries .	'One who has a strong desire to improve his or her English'
The passage is mainly about online shoppers ' preference taking offers	'online companies strategies to improve service'
Colin stamped his foot on the floor in order grandma would tell time	'that his grandma would buy his a watch'
Why are Peter 's wigs so expensive ? They hand - made using human hair .	'Peter makes the best wigs .'
What will Joe do with the last 1 million if he gets 5 million ? He buy presents family best friend	'He will buy some new houses'
When the writer says that Jim has a full - time job at home , he means Jim keeps house looks children	'does his own car and home repairs'
How did John Blanchard get to know Miss Hollis Maynell ? John knew Hollis 's name library book .	'John came across Hollis in a Florida library .'
From his father , Melaku has learnt that anything long tries	"""money is not important in one 's life"""
To make your home is well protected , what does the writer advise you to do ? Equip home security system	'Turn to your close neighbors or friends'
What is the common thing between John Keats and his mother ? They died disease .	'They showed strong interest in poetry'
In order to cut the budget , Chief constables right fire unfit job	'recommend applicants become police directly at inspector rank'
If people are exposed to   pure blue , wo n't easily feel nervous	'they want to taste blue foods'
A small party will be held Mr. Johns ' house	"""at Mr. Brown 's house"""
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? You fall asleep computer daily .	'Cactus plants take in harmful radiation .'
What can be inferred about coaches and wagon freighters as the railroad expanded ? There insufficient numbers trained people operate .	'Their drivers refused to work for the railroads .'
The author mentioned the energy crisis to show Chinese changed way cooking	'it is necessary to find substitutes for wood'
According to the passage , the fingerprint system caused payment revolution Germany	'is preferred by most American customers'
Which of the statements is TRUE ? Matthew remained optimistic face disease .	'Matthew was good at weight lifting .'
In many readers ' eyes , Rochester , deserve Jane 's husband	"""should be Jane 's master as well as her husband"""
From the passage , we can learn that people value family Fijian culture	'the author had lived in Fiji for about five years'
An actor might feel frightened or nervous when going on stage .One of the reasons is     that might remember say stage	'he had to face the unfriendly audience'
What is the relationship between the speaker and the Carsons ? He student pays live meals Carsons ' house .	'He is a student of Judy Carson .'
Why do most European tourists travel ? Because looking sunny beach lie .	'Because they want to have their pictures taken in front of famous places .'
If you are in bed when an earthquake happens , you should lie close bed	'head for the stairs'
Dave got up early in the morning to go fishing lake	'take a walk by the lake'
We can infer that the heatwave can cause 	'heat stoke'
What 's the main purpose of the Emotion Evoking System ? To see whether one 's feeling unconsciously affected .	'To replace the mirrors in future clothing - store fitting rooms .'
What did the author think after the kite - flying ? All others must forgotten day .	'The boys must have had more fun than the girls .'
While building the new shed with his father , the author tried best help father	'realized how hard his father worked'
Which of the following is the best way to make workers work harder according to the author ? Making work meaningful .	'Replacing large production lines with small ones .'
Where do mother gray whales give birth ? In warm shallow waters near Mexico .	'In cold waters near Alaska .'
What can we learn from the story ? Sometimes least us threatened , might risk .	'Traps can always cause chain reactions .'
It 's suggested that teachers should get working experience outside school	'never change their jobs'
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The Persians failed pass Thermopylae .	'The 300 Spartans would be regarded as heroes by the Greeks .'
What did John Muir spend much of his life doing when he was a young man ? Exploring beauty wilderness .	'Writing about the places he visited .'
The class that wins the collection competition will get pizza party later	'send gloves to those who need them'
According to the passage , some people worry that widespread use of medical e - mail might make trouble use Internet	"""help both those who have access to the Internet and those who do n't"""
If you want to contact Harcourt Learning Direct , you can send E - mail	'send a letter not later than today'
"Which statement of the following is not true according to the passage ? The writer lived New York City , used reading 
 Times ."	'The entire family enjoys reading the Styles section in the mafazine .'
What did the author think of Hopkins and Son ? Lovely wonderful .	'Little and dusty .'
Which is the best title for the passage ?     Optimistic People Likely Keep Diseases Away .	'Emotional Style and Flu .'
The U.S.government helps the homeless by giving food stamps	'giving them homeless allowance'
What can we learn about the author ? She may write fantasy stories day .	'She met Ursula K. Le Guin in Earthsea .'
The author advises you to check your emails only once because getting many emails distract attention	'you can only read e - mails at fixed time'
Some people walk to go to work because live near workplaces .	'they live far from their workplaces .'
What 's the writer 's purpose in mentioning St Peter 's ? To show size Reading Room 's dome .	'To introduce its great history .'
What will agriculture be like in the 21st century ? It go complete changes	'It will abandon traditional farming practices'
This passage may probably be taken from magazine	'a travel journal'
What could children get from visiting the butterfly show ? Care visitors .	'Colorful butterflies .'
The followings are writers EXCEPT Robert Edward Lee	'Robert Lee Frost'
When author graduated from his school , his father sent him new leather - bound Bible	'a beautiful run car'
The new material is especially useful in areas that short power	'have poor air conditioning'
"The author regarded the day as""graduation""day most probably because she would leave bone marrow transplant unit"	'no longer need to write the column for Internet readers'
What is the name of Dave Thomas 's business ? Wendy 's	"""Thomas 's"""
We learn from the passage that much of California 's electronic waste has been exported foreign countries	'recycled by computer manufacturers'
What made him into e - commerce industry ? His foresight ambitions .	'His English learning experience .'
Chow Yun - fat has been written into middle school textbooks mainly because keeps struggling success	'he plays best in Hong Kong'
How did Dolores help farm workers ? She helped got pay .	'She helped them teach their children .'
When Li Denghai began the study of corn , shocked corn output China low	'he just graduated from an ordinary high school'
This passage shows students some aspects of proper arrangement except Sports	'Study'
Which of the following leads to the greatest improvement in health according to the passage ? Giving smoking .	'Eating fruit and vegetables .'
Choose the best title for the passage A New Group - satellite Kids .	"""It 's Better to Get a University Education"""
What encourages Jessica to keep dancing for so many years ? Her success first performance .	"""Her dance teacher ' s words ."""
The writer seems to feel that a busy man should bothered	'never be asked any question'
Harry Potter series become popular partly because take us world beyond imagination expectation	'they offer us ever - lasting nature of the stories'
What is foodstagramming ? It 's popular practice diners take photos meals share online .	"""It 's a habit that people take photos when they eat ."""
What happened to the author 's mum 's first piano ? It taken away .	'It was sold by his dad .'
The graduate program gave Cisneros a chance to develop writing style	'work for a school magazine'
According to the passage , whether we go to a place or not depend on associates ' recommendation	'business fames'
It can be learned from the passage that now Janet Luhrs spends time kids	'helps people buy recycled clothes'
Which of the following statements about a curious scientist is TRUE ? He makes efforts investigate potential connections .	'He looks for new ways of acting .'
Which of the following gifts is not mentioned in the passage ? Flowers .	'Books .'
The Israeli West Bank barrier barrier built Israeli state	'is built completely in the West Bank'
If you want to go Great Wall Rock , ca n't take morning bus get	'you can take a bus at any time from 8 p.m. to 2 a.m.'
What 's the purpose of writing the text ? To attract students work England .	'To make clear the requirements for students working in England .'
Many children suffer from sleep deprivation because modern technological devices consume lot time	'they can hardly sleep soundly and deeply'
The TV drama Modern Family probably tells life US like image contemporary US society	'the way that friendship develops in different families'
"Why do people play "" Room Escape "" ? To relax ."	'They want to find out different ways of escaping .'
Which language did the cat learn as a second language ? Dog language .	'Mouse language .'
The little dog is not there because it sold   shop	'is put away   by the shop'
We can learn from the passage that Christopher Columbus ambitious explorer	'Columbus became extremely wealthy after making a total of four voyages'
This passage is mainly about children past present	"""Granny 's complaints about the children"""
The tradition of hospitality to strangers generally well kept United States	'is always understood properly'
It can be inferred that the text is a ( n ) ad language training organization	'report on a new language learning method'
Which of the following is NOT the day for people to celebrate Buy Nothing Day ? The first day Christmas .	'25 days before Christmas .'
What - s the purpose of the passage ? To help deal puzzles entering American colleges .	'To ask questions on entering American universities .'
We can infer that the passage is probably immediately followed by information about way get Somnapure	'the side effects of Somnapure'
When you meet a new word in reading , what should you do ? All .	'Guess its meaning .'
Why toy makers catering to stay - at - home dads ? They influence choices children make .	'Kids like toys bought by them .'
What are Kelly 's favorite clothes ? T - shirts shorts .	'Skirt .'
For those who want to look for love online , they n't find go - .	'must go to an actual dating agency office first'
What did the girl dream of ? Living house golden windows .	'Having lots of gold in the house .'
What should we NOT do when we read the news about sports events in a daily paper according to the passage ? Read last two paragraphs carefully .	'Pick up only a few key words in each line .'
What 's the main purpose of the text ? To provide information certain stories	'To test people on their knowledge of animals'
What was found about the 20 obese men in the process of the research ? They took fewer calories usual .	'They lost appetite because of lack of physical activities .'
-- When is Gina 's birthday ?    --     November 8th	"""It 's Gina 's birthday"""
The story happened teacher gave students speech	'when the teacher gave the students some advice on how to learn English'
About the party , the author and his son had very different views on many people invite	'how many people were willing to come'
What may be talked about in the following passage ? The use multi - Touch textbooks	'The textbook transformation .'
Which of the following statements about heritage is NOT true ? It exceptional universal application .	'It can be divided into two sorts : the cultural and the natural .'
How did Christy McKinley know Ms. Schatzman 's opinion of the chi tea ? She talked phone .	'She met her in the shop .'
Charlie Chaplin had few friends because he spent time working time make friends	"""did n't want to have friends"""
We learn that when she was in 10th grade , Lisa liked school projects geography class	'was interested in India the most in the geography class'
Why did the mother apologize to the author ? Because mother thought boy 's words hurt author .	'Because the boy studied the author from head to toe .'
Mr Dunbar put a special clock in the living room to     . aware accurate time	"""make sure he does n't forget anything"""
From the text we can learn that 2014 Youth Volunteer Vacations open 14-to18-year - olds	'offer a one - day trip for training'
The best title of this passage might be CAT Scan	'Modern X - ray'
Which is not the result of restricting certain food groups ? hungry	'lose weight for a short period'
According to the passage , Conwy 's Town Walls built purpose defense	'were built in the twelfth century'
Where would this advertisement probably appear ? On Internet .	'On the front - page of a newspaper .'
In the 1990s , sugary drinks in many schools replaced water , milk , fruit juice	'were charged a penny - per - ounce tax'
Which of the following is not the measure taken or to be taken to improve Beijing 's air ? A display show airplanes called .	'Clean fuel technology will be used in public transportation .'
Tom also took a spoonful of hot mustard because wanted taste    mustard	'he knew what Jim was crying for'
If our characteristics are genetic , then We may think differently	"""We can change our children 's behavior"""
It seems that this reader thinks second type students model	'the first type of student is our model'
You will find the Garden Hotel beach far Nanoko 's excellent shops	'on the beach where you will find all that money can buy'
"It can be inferred from the passage that lifestyle "" slow city "" good environment people"	'young people at Yaxi enjoy their life very much'
According to the passage , if you want to win the Intel Science Talent Search , you must offer original research	'be excellent in all areas of science'
Fagin must be character Oliver Twist	"""one of Dickens ' works"""
The professor wanted to watch the monkey look food	'look for the small boxes .'
What color of the cup can best reduce coffee 's bitterness without adding sugar ? Blue .	'White .'
Where were Babar and a group of middle - aged people ? At important meeting .	"""At Babar 's college ."""
What is the best title for this passage ? Lessons learnt MH370search	'China makes all - out efforts to find what remains of MH370'
All the following is helpful to lose weight EXCEPT polite others	'a healthy diet'
What do we know about the author ? He difficulty getting early .	'He likes lying in bed all day .'
The girl did n't want to answer the boy 's ' call because angry	"""she did n't hear it"""
The Yemen Government may try make use seawater	'can do nothing about the water supply'
What made Armstrong famous around the world ? That first stepped moon .	'That he walked on the moon for 100 minutes .'
According to the article , what are Zidane 's main characteristics ? He quiet , -- earth person words .	"""He does n't like to speak in public ."""
Why did the writer miss his station ? Because fell asleep one train .	"""Because he wanted to walk to Bert 's house ."""
Which of the following statements about Humphrey is true ? India honors highly .	'The US pays much attention to his quality advice .'
What does the writer think we should do if we go back home later than usual ? We should make telephone call parents	'say sorry to our parents'
Why did the un - uniformed policeman disappear after the author got off the bus ? He went get car pick author .	'The author found a uniformed policeman to help him .'
Reading this passage , one may feel encouraged write something	'get some wonderful stories'
Anne 's work at the summer resort helped explore wilderness	'showed her love for long tours'
According to Chinese medicine , zheng refers to physical health person	"""the color and coating of one 's tongue"""
Why did Douglas draw the picture ? He wanted show thanks teacher .	'His teacher asked him to draw it .'
The title of the article is Aztec Society	'Aztec Religious Beliefs'
According to the article , if one child has no friend , he will troubles future	'not know the importance of making friends'
Which of the following statements is true ? Not consumers hold view bargain buying something .	"""Anne Nelson does n't know whether she can buy the BMW with less money ."""
The argument over whether ski teachers should be allowed to take part in the Winter Games ended because war broke stopped Games	'the IOC and the International Ski Federation reached an agreement'
Why did the author feel restless and upset that night ? He felt guilty mind helping old man	"""He was regretful that did n't give the old man any money ."""
"When Frank said , "" After seeing my score , I want to go outside and shoot myself "" , he meant to say that shamed remain inside face captain members"	'he wants to practice shooting all by himself'
We can learn from the text that life hard young family .	'the stranger brought only the bike .'
Who was the author of 007 novels ? Ian Fleming	'Jeffery Deaver'
What is mainly talked about in this passage ? Unlocking genetic code .	'The great human genome .'
From the passage we can learn anger less contagious friendliness	'surprise is the most contagious among emotions'
According to Hume , some works of art can exist for centuries because appeal unchanging features human nature	'they establish some general principles of art'
From the news story , we know an ecopassage is pass animals cross road	'a bridge for animals to get over a river'
Tommy Lee ' s invention of the unbreakable umbrella was     inspired story behind windshield wiper	"""not related to Professor Joan McLean ' s lectures"""
What if Bill has to change his habit ? He 'll feel unhappy .	"""He 'll live a pleasant life ."""
The mother and son went to the police station to return money truck	'gave their money to the police'
Which is NOT helpful for you to enjoy learning English ? To worry making mistakes .	'To communicate in English .'
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? Enjoy It ; But Do n't Believe Everything !	'Enjoy Another Great Show from Verity Allen !'
The example of the grocery store is used to illustrate little influence language barrier	'the big difficulty of living abroad'
What is Nick 's best quality ? He good listener .	'He has good friends .'
In the Learning Center , you wo n't learn how to get along well others	'learn a language'
A discipline leader is supposed to make sure nobody chats class	'take care of the whole group'
Which of the following is the best title for the text ? Interesting hobbies	'Collecting stamps'
The passage mainly tells us find happiness	'how to save happiness'
In the writer 's opinion , what should we do ? Notice appreciate 's going daily life .	'Listen to as many great musicians as possible .'
"Which of the following statements is NOT true about "" my father "" ? He paid much attention school marks ."	"""He paid little attention to my sisters ' school reports ."""
On his return . Rick changed much	'looked very old'
What is the special feature about Fiji ? It surfing enthusiasts ' favorite island country .	'You can take a yacht free in this country .'
In the author 's opinion , the value of a person 's life is leave precious memory loves cares	'to care for what others will remember and treasure'
From what Cody said , we can learn the children foresaw father would go	"""do n't look after their father"""
Why are Peter 's wigs so expensive ? They handmade using human hair .	'Peter makes the best wigs .'
According to the passage , if you want to be admitted to a famous university , you should write name 'll see every day	'work tirelessly and make unimaginable sacrifices'
By adding a prefix or a suffix to a root , we can get a word which has different meaning	'the meaning of a Latin word'
Susan makes money by drawing pictures others	"""cleaning up other people 's yards"""
With a sense of humour , people may appear trustworthy cooperative	'people can become good at speaking and listening'
"The word "" it "" in the passage means picture phone"	'any phone'
If you are interested in knowing about what people 's life will be , you may visit Future Tower	'the Safari Park'
Daniel and Skip , who saved the lives of the two kids , strangers accident	"""were two close friends of Joy Warren 's"""
Many people enjoy running because they want to keep healthy	'run fast'
It can be inferred from the passage that Oasis Seas n't built well far	'7 distinct themed areas are being built on dry - docks'
Early in 1910s Harold ' brother shipped dolls abroad	'helped Harold repair dolls'
Lesa and the author formed an organization to help cancer patients	'cure cancer'
If you do not have good study habits , you must try learn	'try to do our homework quickly .'
In   Canada , which charity organization will     most possibly take all    your unwanted electronics ? TechSoup .	'Electronic Recycling Association .'
In the end , the English traveler learned meals ship free	'said he would pay double after a time'
According to the article , how many people go on holiday ? Two thirds	'17 %'
Which of these did NOT happen to Agassi in 1999 ? He $ 27 million .	'He won the French Open .'
We should take good care of our eyes even see well	'only when we realize how important our eyes are'
The author missed the first chance to help the two women because left coffee shop immediately	"""the author 's wife took away his wallet"""
The boy should be taken to the seaside for a swim because sea water would stop bad smell nose .	'the sea water would wash out the paper ball .'
Where were the man 's friends and relatives ? At funeral .	'At the Football World Cup .'
The lock on the front door was one which could opened inside without key	'needed a piece of wire to open it'
Children should be advised not to     . speak strangers	'use mobile telephones'
When the girls were planning the little prank,---- . n't expect would go wrong	"""they should have taken my brother 's advice"""
Which of the statements is TRUE according to the two officials interviewed ? The search missing jet continue .	'The searching crew are still confident after nearly two - month hunt .'
The text must be taken from entertainment magazine	'a biography of famous people'
What have you known about Liu Xiaoyu 's mother ? She could n't help crying saw film .	'She acted the mother in the film .'
"The best title of the passage may be ""   Smart Home Cameras"	'Warning Sound on the Phone'
What would be the best title for the passage ? A young man saved baby car crash	'A woman lost her life in a car crash'
Which of the following is true of Ben ? He achieved something unusual age .	'His self - published books were well received .'
Which of the following is TRUE about Cisneros in her childhood ? She felt nobody .	'She was too shy to go to school .'
Space junk is created when unused spacecraft hit	'people in space throw away rubbish'
According to Shigeto Yamada , the growth of geothermal power in Japan needs change rules	'high technology'
The passage is written mainly to attract people take tour London	'introduce the best thing to do in London'
The author wants to express an idea that . good memory mean good intelligence	'some people are actually quite stupid though they seem clever'
What 's the best title for the text ? Come take space walk	'Welcome to Space Shop'
All the following are ways to strengthen one 's willpower EXCEPT    forcing oneself thing day	'listening to music before doing exercise'
What can we learn from the text ?     Changing means changing others .	'It is never too late to change your habits .'
Why do some children self - publish works according to the last part ? Just achieve dreams .	'Just to gain self - confidence .'
The owner and his wife wanted to get man 's bag	"""hide the man 's bag"""
What is Joel Cohen 's view about secondary education ? It change people 's parenting ideas .	'It improves the health of children .'
According to the article , how are koalas and kangaroos alike ? They carry young pocket .	'They both eat eucalyptus leaves .'
The message the author wants to deliver through the passage is that formal teaching started early	'should include teaching children social and manual skills'
What will most probably happen to the bus driver ? He will allowed drive bus	"'only be charged with "" leaving a child alone while motor is running ""'"
After they dug the land , his sons found nothing	'lots of gold'
By the time a man is forty , he will using less new slang speech writing	'not use the slang he liked to use when young'
Why does the author write the text ? To ask parents communicate children .	'. To show his sympathy for a boy .'
If your spouse wants to talk to you when you are busy you should decide according situation	'stop to talk to him or her at once'
While speaking in English , a foreigner seems difficulty expressing clearly	"'to use the words "" false friends "" quite often'"
Who are dancing and jumping while they yell ? The cheerleaders .	'All those who are watching the game .'
In this passage , the author wants to tell teenagers try pursue real selves	'parents to try to control and guide their children'
What 's the purpose of writing this passage ? To introduce two traditional festivals .	'To persuade us to respect and love our parents .'
Which one is NOT the author 's attitude towards planting basil ? It 's good way save $ 200 year .	'It can make you enjoy fresh meals .'
According to the researchers , teenage mothers tend to have less bright children because      . waist hip measurements differ less	'they usually have less fat than mature women'
Could the thief find any money ?     No , could n't .	"""I do n't know ."""
What made Rowling accept Warner Brothers ' proposal ? Her unwillingness see others write story .	"""The film company 's promise to enhance her website ."""
What moved the author most according to the text ? That mother made efforts comfort daughter .	'That both the mother and the last pupil burst into tears .'
Picking a round shape of chocolate shows that a person likes singing , dancing drinking	'likes to do something for others'
What else do they do together every day ? Play piano .	'Write letters .'
Abraham Lincoln was chosen as America 's greatest president mainly because led people end slavery united nation	'he was the only president to join in a civil war'
Nowadays thank - you cards seem to be rare mainly because The Internet reduced chances getting together	'It is cheaper to say thanks by e - mail'
One serious influence of the heavy smog was that flights airport cancelled	'Harbin Ice Festival would be cancelled'
From the passage , we can know that the Northeast Tigers n't tigers ca n't climb trees	'only live in the northeast of China'
Stonehenge is recently believed to be a place for people recover poor health	'to gather huge bluestones'
What 's the best title for this passage ? Buy Nothing Day	'A New Christmas Day'
In ancient Greece , people who cut down an olive tree heavily punished	'got a prize of olive oil'
After his success , he decided return school left	'decided to continue his studies in literature at the evening school'
If you are interested in a guided horseback tour , you can contact Skipper 's Equestrian Center	'contact Cape Disappointment State Park'
Why does the author mention Superstorm Sandy ? To attract readers ' interest backups .	'To tell the background of the scanning photos .'
According to the author , life learning could road full trials errors	'makes a kid independent of his parents'
The Polar Bears like to swim all the year round for find enjoyable interesting	'it is an easy way to keep the body warm in winter'
Until recently most historians believed that trade along the Silk Road originated 2nd century BC	'extended human migration into eastern Asia'
"Which of the following is WRONG ? The writer n't agree "" eagle dad 's "" educating method ."	'Different children have different characters .'
Chinese used to lack self - confidence because   . They deeply influenced dark history .	'They once believed foreigners were awesome .'
What kind of pet will Simon keep ? None .	'E - pets .'
What would be the best title of the passage ? An unforgettable classroom activity	'A story of a successful student'
The population is increasing fast partly because couples would like children	'people live longer than before'
Which of the following could be the best title for the article ? Renewal snakes us	"""A shed snakeskin in Sarah 's eyes"""
What good friends should you make ? A good friend should kind patient	'have good looks'
Whose conducting was ASIMO made to copy ? Charles Burke 's .	"""Yo - Yo Ma 's ."""
If one of the strings suddenly broke , what would an ordinary player do ? He would play another violin .	'Another performer would play instead .'
The best title of the passage is Earth Hour : small steps big difference .	'Climate Change : the greatest threat'
According to the passage , the world becoming crowded	'loses tracks of story line increasingly'
Humboldt and his friend made maps of northern part South America	'the central part of South America'
The best title of the text could be Adventures could everywhere	'Country life and city life'
Mr White drove too fast because     afraid late	'he was good at drinking'
. Ben did not rush in help Mrs. Tailor because    thought could tricking	'he did not see the old lady fall down'
Which of the following is NOT the purpose of the journey ? To win race water .	'To celebrate Expo 2010 Shanghai .'
A teacher 's work is most effective with a schoolboy when he boy alone	'sends the boy home as punishment'
According to the critics , rent control bring negative effects long run	'will always benefit those who rent apartments'
What did the mother - in - law leave to the author ? Some canned jars filled jelly .	'The skills to make jelly .'
What is particular in American schools is that lot - school activities	'students go outside to enjoy themselves in a car'
Which of the following is TRUE about Gordon Brown ? He good job improve national economy .	"""He did n't like politics in university ."""
The aim to write the passage is to give advice behave work	'show how and why to get a satisfying job after graduation'
Pop - up shops first appeared mainly because economy well	"""shops could n't meet needs"""
Why did Zhang Ning put the computer games in the bag ? Because would n't like mother find .	"""Because he did n't like them ."""
The best title for the passage may be Exploring Possibility Clone Pandas .	'The First Cloned Panda in the World .'
The plan was never carried out because electric power important country	"""it honored only one of Edison 's inventions"""
According to the passage , Aunty fond animals like cats	"""Phobic ca n't get along well with her daughter"""
From the story we know that on Christmas Day children feel very happy because they can receive presents	'stockings'
What can we do if we live in the ocean ?   (    ) We travel work sea .	'We can be fit to live in the water very well .'
Metro rail drivers in Paris must keep train schedule strictly	'stop right on the platform mark'
What is the best title for the passage ? Give medal : Woman saves family members Ebola .	'A family survived Ebola with the help of government .'
When Sanbonmatsu and his colleagues conducted their research , they    assessed multitasking ability students	"""measured the changes of the students ' understanding ability"""
What did Jack do when he had read the newspaper again ? He made telephone call .	'He stopped the American car .'
It is not a good way    work hard days exam	'to read English stories'
According to this passage , one born color1 preference	'one has to choose his favorite color1 as soon as he can see clearly'
What would be the best title for the text ? Present future daughter - - law .	"""I 'm proud I 've raised a curious son ."""
What does the teacher think of Tom after she hears Tom 's last words ? She knows Tom telling lie .	'She knows Tom will watch a football match .'
The best title for the passage is An unusual dog	'The best toys for Rico'
From the passage , we can learn that what Eric had never seen before is pillow	'a bed'
What 's the best title of the passage ? Once Forgotten Cities	'Why a City Has to Be Abandoned'
What do we learn about the Orange Monarch butterflies ? They good hiding enemies	'Their food source pine trees have been destroyed by loggers .'
What was the man 's main source of comfort after several months with the disease ? His belief humanity .	'His family and friends .'
""" Every dog has its day "" means ""   Everybody time life lucky ."	'Each person lives his own way of life .'
What happened to Valderzak in Tuesday 's earthquake ? He regained hearing .	'He lost his hearing .'
China is self - motivated to fight against climate change in order to transform economic pattern	'respond to pressure from developed countries'
From the passage we can know that the boys were raising money to first plant tree memory friend .	"""put a plaque near their friend 's home"""
Many children and people like Mickey Mouse because He always many interesting things	'He is like a real mouse .'
What did the author mean when he mentioned the loose windows and the shallow fireplace ? He missed feelings home .	'His house was too old to live in .'
Jillian and Samantha believe that global warming threatens animals ' survival	'America is the richest country in the world'
The sales of watches to young people have fallen because devices tell time	'they think watches are too expensive'
The author 's family were grateful to know the man because taught accept bad without complaint	'he often brought them fish and vegetables from his garden'
What measures have been taken to protect the wildlife by APF ? They bought large land farmers bison live .	'They have hired many farmers to raise bison on their farms .'
We can know from the passage that David would bright future .	'work only in big companies .'
From the accident that happened to the writer 's dad , we can infer that necessary cyclists wear helmets	'his dad was not worried about this accident'
What can we learn about the High Line from the text ? Only part line remains .	'Trains still use the line .'
Which of the following statements about Wagner 's works is TRUE ? His works started new tradition .	'Most people are angry about his works .'
What is recycling ? It reuse anything used .	'buying items made from recycled materials'
The text is most probably taken from web page Icelandic tour	'a safety leaflet    about visiting volcanoes'
What does the author say about oil trade ? It improves economic efficiency .	'It saves the cost of oil exploration .'
Why did the couple take their daughters to Britain ? To assist get benefit travelling .	'To prove their parents grew up in a rich country .'
When the writer began to play the violin , he thought that would get trouble	'he could make a lot of money'
What is the best title for the article ? Say No pirated Music	'World Intellectual Property Day'
The mime 's first contact with the lion is to win back audience	"""get the lion 's attention"""
The purpose of writing this article is to offer tips making choices	'tell readers to live a meaningless life'
In the elephant family , there are females sometimes young males	'only bulls with their male friends'
This article is written to question social practice	'show how to regift'
"The saying from Benjamin Franklin "" Those things that hurt , instruct "" suggests    that pain teaches us important lessons"	'we do not learn when we are in pain'
What is TRUE about the Framingham Study ? It involves 12,000 participants .	'It showed that any behavior could spread .'
"Which of the following is a "" pain in the neck "" ? Someone throws trash    car window highway ."	'Someone who goes to the doctor for his severe pain on the neck .'
How did the author 's mother influence her as she grew up ? The author busy something kind .	'The author learnt more from what her mother did'
This passage is mainly about first American orbit earth	'breaks in the worldwide network'
The passage wants to tell us like others without asking	'holiday makes people relaxed'
To become a professional vacation consultant , you will given interview employment	'be permitted not to join Career Fair'
Why did the writer ask her father if he was okay ? Because wanted know fine .	'Because she wanted to disturb him .'
We can learn from the text that Kudzu in Virginia cause big trouble	'is difficult to grow'
Before we leave for a big dinner , we should eat some small low fat foods	'high fat foods'
What is the main idea of the text ? The love father son .	'Misunderstanding between the father and the son .'
When did the boy 's bad day begin ? In morning	'when he got home'
Rodd and Todd were told by elves that little time Santa Claus	'it was not easy to meet Santa Claus'
It can be inferred from the passage that enjoying sunshine may help people cheer	'the brain not receiving enough daylight can lead to jet lag'
Mr. Bassam Rady was Iraqi	'a British soldier'
According to Gray , when people enter an elevator , they usually try keep distance people	'make eye contact with those in the elevator'
The leaders decided to ask the old man to leave because they thought work unnecessary	'he was too old to do the job'
If a man knows judo , he help using person 's body	'may defeat any strong person .'
The RSPB believes that it 's valuable for children to exposed natural world	'miss out on the natural world'
Carol Harvey suggests that cyclists should asked ride lanes	'be provided with enough roads'
When did De Will make his first trial of the magazine ? In 1920 .	'Before World War I.'
What can we learn about crawling according to Kevin Dean ? Our ankles stronger wrists .	'Crawling can burn more calories than normal running .'
The woman telling the story went to town to shopping family	'buy some chocolate and coffee'
The new type of phone can reduce the harm to the environment mainly material cover	'because of the sunflower seed'
From the passage , we can know that Eliza going test	'all three of them have no homework during the three days'
Which statement is compared by Mr. Last to the change from monkeys to apes , and apes to humans ? We use intelligent robots everyday housework .	'We spend less time in virtual reality .'
All the following factors have been mentioned to cause the health problems among netizens EXCEPT shopping online	'spending long time online'
The writer of this passage is probably American works China	'a Chinese who works abroad'
Which of the following best expresses the main ideas of the passage ? Importance Webs Spiders	"""Spiders ' Highly Preprogrammed Brain"""
According to the passage , certain kinds of land use , such as parking lots , may cause original inhabitants move away area	'result in ecological disasters in an area'
What was the old man doing when the rich man saw him ? He ready plant fig tree .	'He was watering the plants in his garden .'
He started exploring when served navy	'he worked on a coastal ship'
From the passage we can learn that Jasmine 's father thought daughter dead back shore	"""is a good and simple man in the author 's eyes"""
Robert listened carefully because he wanted to know     parents went sleep	'if he woke his parents up'
Which is the best title ? What terrible day !	"""Judy 's school life ."""
The man committed such an evil crime because angry long time father -- -- law	"""his wife had looked on him as a pet and he did n't feel respected"""
What contributed most to his successful career ? His sharp hearing .	'The sounds of nature .'
The factors of telling the best place to be born do n't include pollution	'trust in public institutions'
What 's the best title for the passage ? Learning mistakes	'A good mother'
Philippe Croizon 's crossing the seas joining five continents ended Bering Strait	'happened when he was 42 years old'
How did the author feel when he started to read the letter ? He full joy .	'He was uncertain which school to go to .'
What plays a key role in counting the number of hairs with the software ? A scanner .	"""A hair 's unique feature ."""
The sign   on the street corner   is for drivers	'Mary'
If there is a timely rain , crops fields grow better	"""farmers ca n't have a good harvest"""
The boy goes to buy hamburgers for him because he has umbrella	'a hamburger'
The main purpose of this text is to describe popular activity	'make fun of runners in costume'
In fact , Jack and Steve     A B	'wanted to watch the football final on TV'
All of the following are parts of the sun 's atmosphere EXCEPT the core	'corona'
What could be happening below the tall building ? There fighting different groups people	'A group of ants were fighting out there .'
Miss Fraser told Nick that neighbor often caused trouble	'she was looking for Sergeant Barstow'
According to the passage , couch potatoes refer to people spending much time sitting watching television	'people who like doing housework instead of watching TV'
What can we learn from the two women ? We express thanks people help .	'When we receive a letter we should write back soon'
Why was Gomez named Woman of the Year ? Because successful career charity work .	'Because of her appearance on screen at the age of 7 .'
In the writer 's opinion , kites good examples want get freedom	'without restrictions and rules we can make endless progress'
If you want to understand the English news program on the radio , you should go Chinese - language newspaper first	'read the Chinese - language newspaper step by step'
Why did they develop software for personal computer ?    They thought computer would important tool .	'They wanted to make it easier for people to use computers .'
Most people carry some evidence of their accents and dialects in their lives to show places	'change the way they speak'
According to the passage , which of the following is to blame for the fall of Kodak ? The poor management company	'The early death of George Eastman'
Pet animals are good with children at the Children 's Hospital because good listeners	'they look after the children'
What 's the best title for the passage ? Is Sky Really Falling ?	'Are You Afraid of the Sky Falling ?'
What 's the end of the story ? The Englishman n't get wanted , umbrella .	'The Englishman got mushrooms at last .'
Why did the author 's heart sink ? He thought headmaster would scold .	"""The headmaster was looking at his students ' papers ."""
People who are fond of literature are those that much interest reading	'buy expensive books in the bookstore'
This passage is mostly concerned with ways getting help maths homework	'using reference books to do maths homework'
What did the writer learn that day ? School life much better .	'Working with Dad is fun .'
You can make the speaker like you by asking questions	'stopping talking'
"The writer uses the example of "" ocelots "" to show that increasing number animals killed road accidents ."	'wild animals have become more dangerous .'
""" The two counties "" here refers to Yanyuan Yunnan"	'Yunnan and Ninglang'
What can we learn from the passage ? The next time someone needs , .	'All the soldiers are as kind as the Marine .'
According to the text , joining the campus club has many advantages EXCEPT helping make friends	'obtaining more life experiences'
Why do we say music is valuable ? Because make us happy .	'Because scientists can play .'
Te'Anne thinks a long bus journey is worthy , because she gets opportunity musical theatre program .	'gets permission to attend Wexford Collegiate .'
The reason why Zhang Menxin wants to buy a car is that hard inconvenient go home Xi'an train .	'she wants to use the car for leisure or holidays with her family'
We loam from Paragraph 2 that employees in G&G must attend education programs	'design a working uniform'
The author 's sixth - grade teacher advised the author to learn something interested	'quit his school for the Hayden Planetarium'
What would be the best title for this passage ? Defining Your Goal	'Visualizing Reward of Success'
What can we learn from the passage ? Too much stress bad health	'Talking out our stress might dangerous'
Parents and children can communicate only when sides listen	'both sides stop yelling and fighting'
L'Oreal - UNESCO For Women in Science Awards is equal Women 's Nobel Prize	'an award for the developing world'
Which of the following is not true ? Mary often alone .	'Mary has lots of friends .'
Lincoln was invited to speak at the National Soldiers Cemetery because he was President United States time	'a famous speaker of the day'
French Digital Kitchen was developed mainly to offers students new way practice French	"""improve people 's cooking skills at French dishes"""
It can be implied that Philip organized a voyage to Persia avenge destruction Athens	'to spread Greek culture'
"Most people say "" yes "" much more readily than "" no "" because care others ' affection"	"""they do n't care about their own interests and feelings"""
What is the purpose of the new rule allocating vehicles among officials ? To cut present huge expenditures purchasing cars .	'To make good use of budgets for official cars .'
If you have little money , 'll cheap meal	"""you 'll not pay for your meal"""
Which is n't mentioned in the article ? Some people taking photos .	'Some people are swimming .'
Why did the old man offer Jimmy a ride ? He thankful Jimmy .	'He always helped people in need .'
When the Germans found William Martin they probably thought he British spy important information war	'had the fake papers of the British Army'
The story mainly tells us that    face difficulties bravely without giving , 'll finally succeed	'a country without a strong army is easy to defeat'
The passage mainly tells us that schoolyard violence is necessarily bad children	"""harmful to children 's academic learning"""
To his surprise , the author found that the homeless man wanted money love	'neither food nor money'
How can the local government arrange the new bus service at a low cost ? By linking new bus service existing one .	'By letting the bus run in the morning only .'
What will you do if you ca n't be sent to the new exchange partners ? Provide another university list .	'Cancel your exchange programme .'
It frightened Dawson to see Fincley waving scope	'suddenly got lost in his clothes'
Compared with Americans , Chinese are likely know advantages disadvantages things	'likely to find the truth in life'
What is the main idea of this passage ? GM moths could released fight crop pests .	'People are saying no to GM technology .'
Peek 's words suggest that we should respectful others'differences	'treat different people differently'
"The boys made the "" hanging "" plan in order to seek fun excitement"	'make a fool of the police'
What is possibly the reason why James sat by the window every day ? He expected wife return .	'He attempted to know the outside life .'
Which of the following is TRUE about Monty ? He n't lose heart face difficulty .	'He spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair .'
The main idea of the passage is that thirteen - year - olds special problems	'a thirteen - year - old boy is the sun of the family'
The book The Count of Monte Cristo is regarded important representation western literature	'written by Italian author Alexandre Dumas'
When the author says that observers are waiting for the dominoes to start falling , he means similar bills likely passed US , Canada countries	'observers are taking a wait - and - see attitude towards the future of euthanasia'
Why did the writer get into a taxi ? To lose young man .	'To test the young man .'
When did the story happen ? On last day final exams .	'On the first day of the final exams .'
The wise man called    young man 's eyes , hands legs	"""the young man 's eyes"""
Which of the following could be the best title for this passage ? Topic Areas Writing Resume	'The Importance of Developing a Personal Data Record'
In which column of a newspaper can you most probably read this article ? Environment .	'People .'
Why did n't Andy see the school building before he met Jennie ? Because heavy fog morning .	'Because he went in the wrong direction .'
Which of the following will be on 9thApril ? The Easter Egg Roll .	'Walk for the Woods .'
Why does Mary like speaking her new language with her friend Jean ? Because talk one knows say .	'Because her friend Jean likes it .'
The best title of the passage is probably The worst thing I ever felt : regret	'The tears I wiped away for my mother'
The old man 's Grandson refused to fish with him because n't like fish old man	'he preferred fishing with a child'
How did Glenn help the firemen to save his mother ? By tying string hand .	'By carrying her to safety with his brother .'
People who often eat nuts may live longer people n't eat nuts	'are more likely to live longer than people who often eat fruits'
The notice made the visitors interested house	'lost interest in his house'
People like to join in dangerous sports because need excitement	"""they do n't need to look for food"""
In Hartsop , Cao Wen felt rather home	'the English home better than her home'
Which of the following is the most important for whales and dolphins ? Sea ice cover	'High sea level'
Which of the following can offer you information about animals and animal medicine ? ( 602 ) 273 - 1341 .	'www . digitalkidsworld . com .'
At fitness cemters , people many kinds exercise	'exercising is not fun'
Mrs. Slaton may hold the view that belief contributes realizing dream	'Jean was to have her dream realized'
What do we know about the small - living movement ? It become quite popular 2008 .	'It was started by people without houses .'
Obviously the medicine may dangerous small children .	'can not be taken by children under twelve years old .'
Some students think math class is very tiring because     need use brain find answers time .	'they have to listen to the teacher .'
With the teacher 's help , the writer 's son improved grades greatly	'became the best student in his class'
The students have meals in dining hall	'the science lab'
Why did the author want to do some volunteer work ? To improve state mind .	'To help kids in trouble .'
One day when the man was cutting something , axe dropped river	'his axe fell into a lake'
What did Ted Schredd believe to be a way to protect the environment ? Driving less .	'Breathing clean air .'
When do people visit the cemetery in most Western countries ? On anniversary death .	'On Tomb - Sweeping Day .'
From the finding of Norman R. Pace , after taking a shower , we might cough or feel tired because showerhead carries many bacteria causing illness	"""we do n't get cleaned while showering"""
What did Mary draw on her drawing ? All .	'A beautiful house with a big garden .'
It seems to the writer that what most attracts people to take their training is convenience learning	'the hot fields the training will help people to enter'
Some people complain about Lady Gaga 's music in the following except that often dressed strangely differently others .	'her music is in some way copied from others .'
The tiny aliens come to the earth to catch cruel alien	'find an alien who has got lost'
How are Lisa 's classmates probably raising money ? By selling home - made cookies .	'By asking their parents for money .'
Why do some communities require volunteers more than others ? Because elderly people	'they have more young people'
To avoid getting addicted to the Internet , we should limit time front screen	'watch TV more hours a day instead'
We learn from the passage that Sophie enjoys Grandma 's apple pie much	'picks many apples in the orchard'
What can be the best title for the passage ? Mother 's love	'A bad boy'
We can learn from the passage that it is mainly about taking exams online	'taking a multiple - choice exam'
Two children came to the writer 's front door because wanted old papers	'they wanted a cup of cocoa'
The 1,301 adults were interviewed     . daily basis 8 days	'during one of eight days'
After a further study on ingredients in soda , Shakira Suglia implies that the direct cause of the aggressive behaviors may be caffeine	'soft drinks'
The importance of greenspaces in the city environment recognized	'is accepted on the base of scientific proof'
While the Bowler family was living in 1900 house , mother spent time housework	'the two children wore the then clothes for school'
Felipe was worried about Donna because sick	'she would have a new heart'
Fukuda 's words suggest that virus spread quickly global travel	'planes must be forbidden to take to prevent swine flu'
The girl used a gun to the man because wanted give sudden great fear	'what the man said had a special meaning'
Among the following mountains , which is the highest ? Mt. Aconcagua .	'Mt McKinley .'
What does the author say about energy independence for America ? It sounds attractive .	'It will bring oil prices down .'
. We can learn from the passage that the writer knows face mother 's death	"""visits her mother 's Facebook page every day"""
What is right about happy ? Happy contagious   .	'Happy is no more than a skill .'
If you have referred to the map of the park , you     sure save time	"""can learn the park 's location"""
When crossing the Chilkoot Trail , the author hurt accident	'was almost killed by a brown bear'
Country music is usually about farmers 's feelings	'everyday life and feelings'
According to the passage , Disney created Disneyland , perfect childhood world .	'stopped making cartoons after World War II'
What is mainly talked about in the text ? The benefits taking time ,	"""Ways to relax in one 's free time ."""
According to the passage , which of the following can you most possibly watch on TV ? A tiger city zoo run n't caught .	'Every day most people go to work by underground .'
The electronic sniffer dogs will be used to    identify drugs explosives places like airport	'replace real dogs to be as pets for people'
What would be the best title for this passage ? Telling Stories Drawing	'How to Tell Interesting Stories'
What made Ciesemier create Kids Caring 4 Kids ? Watching Oprah 's show AIDS orphans .	'Her work with an orphan sponsorship program .'
The writer disapproves of wearing red sweaters if n't look good red	'the crowd is wearing them'
The passage mainly wants you to know that Raising Teenagers calls certain parenting skills	'your teen needs some house rules'
What happened to Jack one day ? A car hit .	'He hit a dog'
What might be the most suitable title for the passage ? The Gift Life	'The Story of a Young Woman'
What was in the boxes ? Batteries .	'Watches .'
What is the best title for the passage ? My father 's son	'My famous father'
According to the passage , the writer used dislike vegetables Mom 's garden	'had taught her son how to grow food'
The demand for a cashless public transport system first came from transport workers protect safety	'banks so they could increase their profits'
Why did the writer 's parents tell him not to talk to strangers ? It dangerous .	"""Their son did n't like to talk to strangers ."""
What do we know about the fur color of American black bears ? [ ] Their fur color depends living range .	'Most of them have black fur .'
We can learn from the passage that the little girl     . lived poor family	'often visited the toy section'
One of his friends started to vomit because boat shook much	'nobody came to help them'
The story happened doctor 's office	"""in the man 's office"""
We got angry because failed test	"""Mr. Whiteson did n't tell us the truth about cattytiger"""
According to the text , Shannon Babb suggested one way improve water quality	'water quality in Utah will be better than that in the other states'
According to some studies , most workaholics regard work something enjoyable	'are good at both work and entertainment'
The two seasons near the North Pole are winter summer	'rainy season and dry season'
Students in Yat Sen Middle School like math because work computer	'math questions are easy there'
One of the reasons that some people are not willing to quit their jobs even in their eighties and nineties is that long sense identity accomplished	'they would rather work than be disturbed by domestic affairs'
What does the story tell us ? It good give helping hand others .	'Great people always like to help others .'
Where is the international airport of Fiji ? On island Viti Levu .	'On the island of Vatoa .'
What do we know about the life of the Hadza ? They change campsites regularly .	'It takes them a long time to set up a camp .'
Which of the following best describes how the writer feels about stage schools ? He doubts standard ordinary education reached .	'He feels uncomfortable about children putting on night shows .'
The author wrote the passage mainly to recommend book written Moss	'expose the ugly side of food companies'
What is the main idea of the first part ? Steps Shoe Salon marks winter shoes boots .	'Steps Shoe Salon is providing weather forecast for us .'
The captain tried to please the author by promising buy author liked	'finding the author a friend and a helper'
The best title for the passage is Find Right Partner Traveling	"""Do n't Hang Out Alone"""
According to the Horace Engdahl , Lessing wins Nobel Prize mainly because makes great contributions equal rights women	'she encourages women writers to struggle against men'
"When a person says "" I 've to go now./ Someone 's at the door . "" the person may be Giving excuse"	'asking you a question'
Which of the following proverbs most agrees with the writer 's point ? Make best bad job .	'A good heart conquers ill fortune .'
If one would like to deal with money problems , he may watch Everyday Living	'Home with Lisa Quinn'
What 's the passage mainly about ? US presidents holiday .	'Famous US presidents .'
It is good for your back and neck if you sit right way	'with the screen below your eyes'
Johnny was fired from the jobs because n't jobs well	'he spent a lot of time writing letters'
Those who agree with the new change in the Politechnic are Politechnic leaders	'the defenders of Italian'
After hanging up the phone , the author called former guest unfamiliar	"""looked up a friend 's phone number"""
Many people came to see Elizabethwhen she graduated      . n't believe would famous future	'because they wanted to congratulate her on being a doctor'
"The new""Ice Age""film appeals to fans because find good beloved characters"	'it is about the stories of the Christmas'
When the volunteers woke up the next day , they continued sound - smell connection	'learned how to play to musical tones'
The reason why people have n't the habit of renting textbooks in the old days is that people afford books get books easily libraries	'the price of textbooks is much higher than that of nowadays'
Dashan could learn Chinese very well because of interest , method study environment	'practiced skills on Chinese expression'
What would be the best title for the text ? Rip Van Winkle .	'A Mountain Village .'
As for people we care about , what does the author advise us to do ? To impress proper way .	'To impress them with shiny things .'
What do the group members do for stray animals ? They shelter old clothes .	'They feed human food to them .'
To stop the fog and haze , which is not true according to the passage ? Try sports outdoor .	'Call on more people to protect the environment .'
The camera is used to    record teen driver driving	'prevent the teen drivers from speeding'
Mr. Turner wants to have a nice Saturday . Which is impossible for him to do ? Having picnic watching movie .	'Going to the Museum theater and watching a ball game .'
The author went to the mall after Thanksgiving to experience shopping season	"""study people 's shopping habits"""
The author meant to compete in long jump	'the long - distance run'
What most possibly drove the two gunmen away ? The author 's screaming	"""Jeremy 's fighting"""
Maria 's father probably traditional views women	'thought women could not learn Latin'
Which of the following developed the earliest , according to the text ? Jazz .	'Hip - hop and rap .'
Jordan Romero climbed up Mount Everest mainly to realize part goal	'break the world record'
We can help the world 's weather by stopping greenhouse effect	'finding out more about El Nino'
Raymond Kruck most probably agrees that wireless network security involves changes user 's awareness	'wireless signal administration'
France introduced high speed trains to increase number passengers	'develop the finance of France'
From the text , we can draw a conclusion : If want anything , must	"""Believe others ' good remarks while buying something"""
What is the best title for the passage ? A Lesson Love	'A Letter from My Father'
Why was the young man punished ? He illegally sent faxes customers .	'He drove his car at a high speed .'
The end of the story shows that life hard predict	'time will wait for no man'
What is one common thing that all the four children have to deal with at school ? Getting along classmates .	'Doing their homework by themselves .'
Philip 's teacher teach students think right	'to give up eating animals'
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Awful journeys may become life - changing events inspire people .	'In Iceland the weather is always extreme and it snows a lot .'
Why did the author make a pilgrimage to Mt. Horeb in Egypt ? He intended make arrangements life future .	'He was in search of a miracle in his life .'
What 's the key factor in bats ' successful landing ? Shifting centre mass .	'Flapping both wings constantly .'
What leads to social problems in Murray 's opinion ? The lack communication .	'Young people watching too much TV .'
The example of the company Google is given to show that play also fit adults	'they have a lot of toys and games'
Which of the best title of the passage ? How Overcome Shyness	'Keep Trying to Like Something Nice'
If you make a beeline for something , you go quickly directly towards	'are as busy as a bee'
If you join a blank drive , you can     collect donations homeless people	'buy a home for homeless people'
If you are hungry , and you still say you do n't want to eat , then surely find hungry still	'a Westerner will ask you again and again'
The author chose the James A. Farley General Post Office as the destination for the packages most probably because open 24 hours day	'it is convenient for the train station'
What does Fyodorov think about the North Pole Marathon ? It cold enough .	'It set a new world record of marathon .'
Why are more men willing to become nurses in the US ? It 's easier get employed well paid .	'It is promising to go to nursing schools .'
We can infer from the passage that the writer probably n't know purpose life	"""does n't live a meaningful life"""
From what one student said , it showed that activity easy	'the students like the activity better than their class lessons'
For which movie did Shirley Temple win the Oscar ? Stand Up Cheer	'Little Miss Marker'
The problem faced by volcano rabbets and rock rabbits is that neither migrate higher places	'both are affected by rising sea levels'
The man committed such an evil crime because angry long time father - - law	"""his wife had looked on him as a pet and he did n't feel respected"""
By maintaining a diary of daily tasks , people can    . remember important things better	'plan their schedule in a short time'
43 . Dom said that the most important thing in this accident was that existed dangerous time	'they failed to reach San Francisco'
We know from the passage that the writer was diagnosed eventual blindness age 35	'a successful environmental health manager in New York'
The animal fathers mentioned in this article rather bad kids	'are protective of their young'
What should children do when their clothing catches on fire ? Stop , drop roll without delay	"""Feel confident and do n't be afraid of fire ."""
Who are most likely to go to the back of the lift ? Senior men .	'Shyer people .'
Why did people always want to read his books ? Because provocative writing style willing handle difficult subjects .	'Because he often violently attacked other authors .'
Why did the author and his wife decide to eat at home ? They full happiness giving .	'They had drunk enough coffee .'
When he designed the Shard , Piano wanted it to .    inherit London 's tradition	"""change London 's skyline"""
Which of the following do you think is the best title for the passage ? Various Ways Losing Weight	"""Do n't Eat Too Mud"""
The author advises her daughters that care much strong points instead appearances	'they should try to grow taller than others'
If you want to get a raise , the most important thing you should keep in your mind is to job done well	'ask your boss for a raise directly'
"Americans use "" red hot "" to describe the following EXCEPT something unfair"	'popular music like Dixieland jazz'
People are finding less and less time for relaxing themselves because becoming busier work	'they do not believe that relaxation is important for health'
The passage mainly discusses whether YouTube show dangerous videos	'whether YouTube should be open to kids'
What should be done to make more girls do sports according to Valerie Dunsford ? Offering different kinds sports .	'Providing more sport classes .'
When something reflects light , we can see color	'not see its color'
The woman was feeling nervous because followed someone	'she had left her report in the bar'
Passengers ' use of cellphones before landing is likely to affect pilots ' judgment height plane	'make it difficult for pilots to control the plane'
The female butterflies have bigger and heavier bodies than the males because     females carry eggs	'the males have smaller wings'
The shop assistant told lie	'was puzzled at the way she was dressed .'
What can we learn about Maupassant from the text ? Boule de Suif first success .	'Only in his 30s did he begin to write stories .'
Before World War I , Churchill worked for his country as leader Britain Navy	'Prime Minister of Britain'
We diet strictly after the year - end overeating because n't want look fat	'there are bacteria in our guts'
The Art of Public Speaking is organized by HKFYG & HKUST	'HKU & HKUST'
On Tuesday , Gavin saved searcher	'got stuck in the snow'
Mary is American	'Chinese'
when you become more experienced you will write end story	'often begin at the tail'
The Scottish school in the passage pays special attention use fountain pens ks5*u	'values fountain pens more than anything else'
How does the writer help the reader understand what a comet looks like ? By describing dirty snowball .	'By explaining how far away it is .'
The scientists advise    us to adjust minds	'change our looks'
Why did Kirk laugh at last ? He became victim MIS .	"""His brother 's hair was really messy ."""
Which of the following is NOT the requirement of EL house ? Experienced teaching Chinese .	'Excellent command of English .'
What do the Japanese like to do at lunchtime ? To get know .	'To talk business .'
When practicing flying , the author sometimes doubted ability fly	"""could n't wait to fly alone in the sky"""
Why did the State Council submit the bill ? To solve social population issue .	'To increase the population of Han nationality .'
Before leaving for a foreign country , we are supposed to know something country	'find out who will help us in that country'
The author may agree that     new phone excellent prospects market .	"""the new phone 's technology is too complex to be generalized"""
"According to the passage , "" the dentist 's chair "" is drinking game made famous celebrations footballers"	'to be banned in October this year'
A partner may help do the following things EXCEPT find spelling mistakes	'make the memory more complete'
How do babies get the information they need ? By watching mothers ' facial expression .	"""By looking at their mothers ' eyes ."""
"Filling out application forms is much "" easier "" because control form filling enough time"	'everything connected with application forms is easier'
What can people do at the Newfoundland Targa Rally ? Have test driving skills .	'Have a taste of Canadian wines .'
David enjoyed being with the author because he needed share sorrow author	'beat the author many times in the chess game'
Some years later Einstein Both B C	'buys a new one'
When Charlie Vansant received the phone call , he suspected would forced pay car	'went directly to Anderson and collected his car'
Which of the following showed that Thea believed in the young lady ? Expressing thanks	"""Looking at the stranger 's eyes ."""
According to the passage , we can learn that in Victorian time improper lady show ankles .	'dining rooms were often located on the second or third floor to avoid being looked into .'
Which of the following is TRUE ? You learn appreciate specific uniqueness .	'All things are equal and justice will always prevail .'
What should be the deadly killer in a household kitchen ? Cooking smoke .	'Coal stoves .'
"Why will the "" new weapon "" hopefully work better according to the passage ? Because shows dangers effects ."	"""Because it can be seen by the smokers ' friends ."""
"Why could Zhao Wenxuan play the leading role in the movie "" Wedding Feast "" ? Because could speak English well , acted naturally gave thought pay work movie ."	'Because he liked to see films very much .'
Which of the following is NOT true of Dr. Livingston 's software ? It gives patients medical test online .	'It takes doctors closer to their patients .'
Many people have to cancel their travel plan because they consider economic reasons	"""ca n't have great deals"""
The dog barked on the way because it n't know Mr. Brown	"""did n't enjoy its stay"""
The statue is rapidly getting popular mainly because of Internet	"""Jackson 's death"""
Why does the author advise people to hunt in some special stores ? Because offer goods hometown people .	"""Because it 's an old Christmas tradition ."""
Why did the doorbell ring again and again on Monday morning ? Because kids coming one one .	'Because it was time for school .'
We can learn from the text that the guests protected guide forest	'can play with the cat - like animals'
From the text we can know the author advises us arrange trips	'met with a lot of his countrymen in Italy'
Marco Polo 's answer meant that     many true stories could tell part .	'what he wrote was half better than what he saw .'
People become homeless for all the following reasons E   XCEPT poor performance economy	'the abuse of alcohol and drugs'
How do Greeks give directions ? Leading people way .	'Giving people a wrong direction .'
Which of the following is not the reason why so many people join the laughter clubs ? The members n't know laugh .	'Laughters help massage the digestive organs .'
When is April Fool 's Day in France now ? April 1st	'March 25th'
The passage is mainly written for those who offer rental services others	'help others move to a new home'
What can we infer from the author 's experiences in Nigeria ? He found difficulty adapting local culture	'He had learned to communicate in the local language .'
Reporters who write on films are said to be lucky because they see fdms people see cinema	'can write anything they like'
Why did Mr. David suddenly start swinging his arms and legs during the dive ? He lost confidence started panic ,	'He thought it was the best way to slow his fall .'
What is the best title for the passage ? Green Schools .	'Light Savers .'
Why did Fukuda pursue   Judo all her life ? To look inner beauty .	'To spread Judo around the world .'
Jack is late for school because looks mother sister .	'he meets Bob .'
The old man was sad because know get	'he had to buy another ticket'
In   the   evening ,   Mike 's   father   gives   him     bowl soup	'a glass of mike'
The young man got the information about the job from newspaper	'an office worker'
Which of the following statements is true ? It 's unnecessary take soft drinks .	'Tickets are sold in Kwun Tong High School .'
Which has enjoyed the fastest growth of advertising spending in the last year ? The Middle East .	'Western Europe .'
"We can infer from the text that the producers of "" America 's Most Wanted "" hope program help police catch criminals"	'often find it difficult to persuade people to act as criminals'
"Which of the following about "" I wish you enough "" is TRUE ? The woman 's parents used say others"	'It is a secret wish shared by the woman and her daughter .'
What 's the aim of UK tightening its student visas ? [ ] To deal fake colleges offer'two - year work visas .	'To control the student number from India and Pakistan .'
The author thinks the best way of dealing with his e - mail is designing system auto reply	'seeing some of his e - mails'
John and his wife went to evening classes to learn how to     make repair things	'save time and money'
What 's the best title for this passage ? A Boy Who Became Leaf	'The Maple Leaf and a Boy'
McDonald 's encouraged kids to have fast food by presenting prizes	'selling cheaper food'
How does the author feel about the ant ? He admired attitude toward work .	'He showed sympathy for the little ant .'
The purpose of writing this passage is to expect us give best work	'explain to us the meaning of the perfection'
Why did Kyle look anxious and pained ? He wanted go bathroom .	'He wanted to get a cat very much .'
He did n't use his hands at all in order to make example little girl	'paint pictures as the little girl did'
What was destroyed in the growing up of the volcano ? The forest fields round Paracutin .	'The little hill of stone .'
Drip irrigation is popular because water - saving satisfactory	'it is more advanced than channel irrigation'
Which of the following statements about Expo is NOT true ? It aims helping interviewees .	'It attracts lots of people to seek information .'
According to the passage , to do all his own jobs one would find hard job deal everything	'enjoy a complete freedom .'
The World Wide Web is like electronic book	'an electronic page'
The store for books and videos is across street hotel	'on the corner of Oak Street'
How did Chloe Lang learn to cook ? She learnt helping grandma home .	'She learnt it from Rachel Ray .'
Land becomes desert after all trees are cut down because roots trees break soil	'there are no longer trees to keep the rain and protect the top - soil .'
What can we infer from the passage ? The author benefited lot playing Lego .	'The author likes collecting anything but Lego .'
We can infer from the passage that the author works nursing home	'is the owner of the nursing home'
According to the locals we can know that shops Chinatown lack characteristics	"""Chinatown does n't love to offer them assistance"""
It can be learned from the passage that the man rail author breathlessly	'shouted loudly while hitting the author'
The writer tells us coincidence	'the dying process of Richard'
What do we know about Dirk Kempthorne according to the passage ? He asked put polar bears US endangered species list .	'He offered to put polar bears on the endangered species list .'
Which is the best title for the passage ? Create Your Own Life	'People You Meet in Life'
Microblogging can protect the following privacy EXCEPT readers ' deleting microblog says	'deciding the readers of the microblogs'
What was Jan doing when the building was on fire ? He way workplace .	'He was cleaning the lift .'
"What can we learn about "" Tradalskaren ? It experience returning nature ."	"""It is about Britta and Kent Lindvall 's life experience ."""
What do you need to have if you want to set a record in pumpkin - carving ? Hard work .	'Pumpkin farms .'
We may learn from the passage that the author is a(n) senior high student	'college student'
We can see that this text is written to Daniel	'a suffering child'
""" It 's raining cats and dogs . "" Means The rain falling heavily ."	'Cats and dogs are caught in rain .'
According to the passage , we can learn that less use part body become weaker	'human beings hope for a change in the future life'
Which one of the following is true ? The story took place night .	'The two men had to swim eight hours to catch up with the ship .'
What advice is given by experts to save water ? To use drip irrigation .	'To plant more trees .'
"The "" bromeliad "" is a plant that takes water leaves"	'has no roots'
The measure to keep Asian carp out of the Great Lake but proved not good is construction underwater electric fence	'monitoring the Mississippi and its branches for Asian carp'
When we complete each step of our goals , win final success	'we should think about changing our goals'
The car accident happened cold evening	'only to Sam'
The main purpose of this passage is introduce Irina wonderful work	'to encourage people to work at the balloon'
Which of the following did not help Gatty survive the accident ? Chocolates	'Staying up in a tree'
The best title of this passage is A Letter Mars	'Something about Boxes'
All the following are unanswered questions except came area	'why they left a photo behind'
Who usually use computers at school ? The children	'The old people'
Why did the author help the young man pay for the gas ? She learned something farmer .	'Her husband told her to do so .'
The young man bought a diamond ring     going return .	'when he got engaged to his sweet - heart .'
Her book was related to the 9 * 11 terrorist attacks in that expressed desire peace terrorism	'it was being written when the attacks happened'
How can you contact Harcourt learning Direct ? By sending e - mail .	'By sending a letter not later than today .'
Which of the following can get the most accurate shape of our body ? 3D scanning technology .	'Microsoft Kinect - enabled carts .'
Which is not the reason why he has been studying hard at school ?     His dream making money .	"""His teacher and schoolmates ' help ."""
What is the main idea of the article ? Landslides prevention .	'How to survive a landslide .'
The honey guide is special in the way gets food	"""it reaches into bees ' nests"""
Why did Napoleon order his men to tie the couple ? Because wanted make know felt face danger .	'Because he wanted to teach the innkeeper a good lesson for bothering him .'
The author intends to criticize people creative attitude toward life	'criticize the irresponsible clock shop owners'
What 's the influence of Wang Bei 's death on the public ? People feel alarmed cosmetic surgery .	'Young people will have no interest in beauty .'
According to the writer , the explanation of dreams that some scientists made value , though fully convincing	'gives a good answer to the question why we dream'
Having fallen out of a second - floor window , the writer felt despaired because might unable walk forever	"""he did n't know how it took place"""
What message does the author try to get through to us ? People take things easy good .	'People should spend less time watching TV .'
Which of the following is necessary to help children with ADHD according to the passage ? Parents , doctors schools ' working together .	'Choosing the best primary school for them .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? My Invaluable Friend .	'How I learned the Violin .'
What will be built in Russia according to the news ? A Shaolin kung fu center .	'A Hope Primary School .'
What do we know about Jack Cooke 's family ? Jack son daughter .	'Jack lost touch with his family a long time ago .'
If your friend loses control of himself after hearing the bad news , you 'd better quit ask others help	'scream and throw things'
New Education aims to develop trainees ' - round abilities	'provide services to Chinese companies'
Which of the following is NOT the distinctive feature of the kiwi bird ? There nostrils end beak .	'It has a long beak .'
Why did Alice want to be a singer ? Because interested music .	'Because she had a good teacher .'
From the passage , we can know that signing record company , n't get much money .	'he once won the first place in Super Boy talent show .'
According to the passage , university students should avoid     . becoming specialists ignorant rest world	'acquiring a broad perspective of life'
If you do n't understand what you have learnt , you can turn people around help	'ask your teacher to explain it the next day'
Earth 's military leaders want to choose youths to be warriors because they think youths sharper intuition quicker reactions adults	'youths adapt to new battle environments more quickly than adults'
To avoid being chained by the coming e - mails , what you can do is to handle couple times daily	'keep replying to e - mails all day long'
We can learn from the passage that Benjamin Franklin set companies help people live better	'made a stove which used other fuels instead of wood'
The captain got the sailors ' wages cheating	'and said he would return the money soon'
We can learn from the passage that You Mi hopes mixed talent	'the success of a 30-minute DV movie shocked You Mi'
"Models often put "" Secretary "" or "" Businessman "" instead of "" Model "" in their passports because models sometimes looked upon"	'a person with the occupation of a model is easily attacked by black societies'
IF and WHEN were advised to solve their problems by putting plans action immediately	"'stop using "" ifs and when s "" in conversations'"
The mother took her son to the piano concert because wanted develop interest piano	'her son liked the pianist very much'
What does Dr. Coren say about a dog 's counting ability ? It helps keep toys .	"""It is close to human 's ."""
What does the passage mainly discuss ? Modern technology influence	'The present and past times'
When she was at the medical school , Blackwell made great efforts well lessons	'felt sorry that she was a woman'
The number of sharks is decreasing mostly because of commercial interests	'shark fin soup'
After the woman visited the United States she might feel that English poor	"""people there were n't very friendly"""
We can infer from the text that people know animals	'the olinguito could be made full use of'
Which of the following statements is RIGHT ? The writer sometimes takes kid football club .	'Sally and the writer are close friends .'
When letters are written to Holmes ,      bank address replies Holmes longer working detective	'the bank at 221 Baker Street where he used to live sends the letters back'
Often moving from one place to another makes people like Americarts and Australians easy communicate	'have a long - term relationship with their neighbors'
The writer told this story to show us that n't miss good things	'no man is wise at all times'
Why are Canadian officials placing chickens along the border ? To see virus still around .	'To protect the chickens from falling ill .'
What is the best title for the text ? Let Games Begin !	'The Olympic Moments that Surprised the World'
Pepsi 's example is used to show people fixed ideas products colors	"""crystal clear drinks ca n't attract consumers"""
Why did the couple eat the jelly secretly at late night ? Because delicious nice .	'Because it was made by mother - in - law .'
Where can you spend the night in a tour ? Sovereign Hill .	"""Cook 's Cottage ."""
Why could Prithwis 's finding receive the attention of the media ? Because research proved banana peels produce biogas .	'Because he used an extremely rare organic waste to produce biogas .'
According to the article , Steve Jobs n't think smart phones physical keys would popular	"""did n't like smart phones made by other manufacturers ."""
Peter often reads newspaper because wants know something soccer game	'his father wants him to read them'
In order for children to maintain long - term close relationships , parents better move end school year	"""had better move when their children could n't build up a bank of friendships"""
What might happen to the spider ? It might killed great machines .	'It might be saved by another bug .'
Which sentence about Chris Rock is true ? A famous comedian helped get work TV movies .	'He loved going to high school .'
According to the passage , a lie works when someone gives liar cooperation	'we are willing to lie for the dignity'
When most of the customers saw the author , they would talk	'buy her breakfast on her break'
The passage mentions the following possible effects of hypnosis except shaping character	'helping losing weight'
Why do the English people often talk about the weather ? All .	"""Because they do n't like talking about personal matters with strangers ."""
The author starts the passage with the Greek mythology story to bring subject passage	'show Greek people enjoyed being busy'
The passage is written to offer tourists information Melbourne	'introduce the history and culture about Melbourne'
Which of the following does n't have much to do with a woman 's beauty ? Being famous independent .	'Having self - confidence .'
The best title of this passage is Think More Others	'A Comfortable Room'
What is TRUE about Globals Inc. ? It world - class company .	'It is a branch of Network Solutions .'
According to the text , Driver Alert aims reduce tiredness - related accidents	'aims to prevent drivers from sleeping'
The title of passage is Changes	"""It 's Full of Old People"""
This passage is most probably part of article literary reviewer	'life story of the author of Kiss of Death'
What character do bees have ? hard - working	'dance - loving'
""" Silent cortex "" has proved to be useful complex activities"	'more active than the other parts of the brain'
The best title for this passage is The First Expedition Asia	"""The Discovery of Magellan 's Strait"""
What 's the best title of the passage ? The Preparation Before Flight Trip .	'How to Plan the Holiday .'
The Commonwealth of Kentucky trademarked its name to raise money pay government debt	'make Kentucky known throughout the world'
People use Artemisinin to cure patients suffering malaria	'make people work on Chinese medicine'
In casual employment , notice of termination is necessary	'paid in lieu'
What is the passage mainly about ? Internet .	'Computers .'
What is most special about the way Andrea Peterson teaches ? She combines music class subjects .	'She has a special way of teaching music .'
The author wrote this passage mainly to give us examples sharing among plants animals	'show us the mutual relationship between sea life'
Compared with the old robot - driven cars , the new ones understand environment also react	'can perceive the environment dearly'
Scientists went to different regions in order to search for minerals	'gold'
Jay Chou top singer award Fourth Chinese Music Billboard Awards	'has won top singer award four times'
What happened to Julia in the end ? able attend field trip .	'she was not allowed to go to school .'
One evening my mother asked me to read article	'write a poem'
In the speaker 's opinion , the key to solving the girls ' education problem is changing unfair cultural beliefs practices	'investing enough money in educating girls'
According to Dr. Leonard , likeable children achieve understand better	'can deal more easily with stress independently'
Compared with traditional printing method , 3D printing ly saves time energy	'needs specially constructed moulds'
Which of the following is suitable for John , an American college student , who wants to learn about the lives of children in other countries ? Teaching English Children India	'Web Designer Needed'
Which of the following can be the best title for this passage ? Why Plants Grow Towards Light ?	'A New Way of the Growing of Plants'
The California Condor is in danger of dying out because of harmful chemicals	'loss of habitat'
If you are a shy person , you can find friends interest hobby first	'not fail in love with other students easily'
"What message did Nick 's drawing express ? Love "" root "" family ."	"""Trees without deep roots ca n't grow tall and strong"""
If children suffer from lack of sleep for long      . poor mental physical health	'they will become problem children'
How can we lessen the impact of an earthquake on our family ? Know disaster .	'Learn some knowledge about the cause of earthquakes .'
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To introduce unclaimed baggage airports handled America .	'To advise the airlines to find the owners of the unclaimed baggage .'
The writer of the passage is most unlikely to be a teacher teaching senior middle school	'student in the third year'
Which of the following statements about Patrick Modiano is TRUE according to the passage ? World War II impact life .	'He is a survivor of World War II .'
Cobra Jumpak is suitable for person use cellphone many hours day .	'a typist owning many different devices'
It can be inferred from the passage that author enjoyed quiet snowfall	'the author did not like hot food at all'
According to the passage , physical activities bring benefits to humans EXCEPT better muscle control	'lower risk of heart disease'
Why did the driver write a note and stick it on the window ? Because n't want anybody trouble .	"""Because he did n't know the time ."""
The old doctor wanted to keep the king 's daughter for twelve years because would give baby time grow	'they had to dig a mineral the snow melted for the second time'
From the passage we can learn that locusts change color1s protect	'are easily found by birds'
Li Na is tennis player	'a table tennis player'
If you want to exchange your home with another , you should do all of the following EXCEPT inviting neighbors home tea	'finding someone who wants to visit your area'
The main purpose of the passage is to inform us great whites making comeback	'remind us that big killers are dying out'
The passage mainly tells us that teens gain confidence improvisation	'teens perform improvisation to be cool'
Why was Johnny fined $ 250 ? Because cheated people .	"""Because he did n't pay for his new suit ."""
If you are walking in New York , you will find that stores may open customers day	'restaurants have some rules about foreigners'
What can we know about Will ? Will good intention .	'Will does not love Shelia any more'
In the Outward Bound course last year , the most exciting experience Michael Williams had was rock climbing sailing	'learning first aid skills'
It can be inferred from the passage that author learned lot old friend Rose	"""Rose did n't have any relatives when she died"""
Why did the author decide to become a runner ? He wanted live dreams .	'He suddenly found running interesting .'
What 's the real purity according to Tan Mengxi ? Being simple , enthusiastic able manage things alone .	'Having eyes as clear as a fountain .'
The NBA tennis invited Master P. to john them just because like listening music	'he grew up playing basketball'
When the author got to the gas station , man trying fill car gas	'the clerk was quarreling with a customer'
Why could n't the author 's brother find a taxi in Tunis ? Because taxi drivers disappeared purpose .	"""Because he did n't know how to call a taxi ."""
Why did John take part in the track team ? He encouraged teacher .	'He had no tennis coach to train him .'
According to the passage , what might cause children 's inactivity ? A shrinking green	'A green neighborhood'
What does the author want to prove by showing two examples of her kids ? The greatest moments lifetime always come unexpectedly .	'Those women walking under the moon should enjoy the happiness with kids .'
What do the editors advise Sam to do first ? To contact horses ' owner directly .	'To find a volunteer from the LAAP'
What would have happened to her friend if the author had not cared about her ? She would killed night .	'She would have lost her new best friend .'
Which may be the best title for the passage ? Peng Liyuan , perfect first lady begin .	'First ladies in the US .'
What does the author want to tell in the passage ? To introduce attractions Quad .	'To suggest the Quad Cinema is the best place .'
The passage is mainly about new ways recycling wastes	'the location of recycling plants'
The purpose of the project is to raise people 's awareness recycling	'enable people to talk to their hands'
What is the special feature of the device according to the passage ? It helps save physical strength .	'It helps its user run faster .'
We can infer that watchingToy Story 3 made writer miss daughter even	"""made the writer know her daughter did n't want to go to college"""
We can infer from the passage that people with low emotional quotient least likely become good leaders	'can deal with oneself and others effectively'
Who is the author probably ? A concerned citizen Havenswood .	"""The owner of Marvin 's Movie Video Rentals ."""
What reward did Nigel receive for doing well in his school work ? He helped computer laboratories .	'He helped his teachers build a robot .'
According to the text , a ventriloquist make object seem speak	'can speak without using his mouth'
The passage is about email	'mail server'
Having two eyes instead of one is particularly useful for judging distances	'seeing objects far away'
Which of the following statements is true ? It introduces one hot film August .	'Journey to the Centre of the Earth 3D will be on show on July 17 .'
""" K-9 friends "" probably refers to police dogs"	'police officers'
The example of Miami - Dade County shows that trauma system expensive	'running a trauma system is profitable'
Fu Xiaoyu 's parents ca n't send her to a school near them because n't enough money	"""she does n't like the school life in big cities"""
What happened when Welty was with her friends at the cafe ? Two strangers joined .	'Her childhood friends came in .'
What was the best title of the passage ? Hearts Hands	"""Miss Fairchild 's Trip"""
It can be learned that Mr. Stubbs quickly got used new tail	'lost his tail and back legs'
You may spend too much time in a bookshop because start reading one books	"""you have to make sure you wo n't buy a dull book as a present"""
Ms Woo held a paper cutting show at a shopping center to make paper cutting well - known	'celebrate an art festival'
When we chat about the weather with a stranger , we actually intend to feel comfortable	'remind him or her of the changeable weather'
The boy came back to the apple tree times difficulty	'if he missed the apple tree'
It can be learned from the passage that both writers think of their jobs as good ways making people happy healthy	'happy moments to learn from other people'
The author often comforts her daughter with the proverb that good things come small packages	'two heads are better than one'
Why were the author 's children slow to respond to her in the past ? She unfair used order things .	"""She did n't know how to manage the female horse ."""
The narrator    of the passage might be David	'Agnes'
By mentioning what Diana Rae says , the author wants to show sings high praise kind treatment form	'he finds it convenient to see a doctor by using a video chat'
Why did Lu frighten the writer 's grandmother ? Because many unlucky things .	'Because he went shopping in England .'
What is really true according to the above ? Travelers Insurance Company provides services accident insurance .	'Accident Insurance will protect the important person from accident .'
Which of the following websites can give information about the Tigers Nest ? http://www.bhutantouroperators.net/taktsang-monastery.php	'http://yeschinatour.com/china-guides/china-attractions leshan - giant - buddha - leshan'
Why did Bach write the Coffee Cantata ? To tell child drink much coffee .	'To make a new kind of music for the church .'
Why do people celebrate the festival during that time ? (   ) Because moon fullest brightest .	'Because it is a time for families to be together .'
Why does the writer revise her translations more often now ? Readers make new demands .	'Turkish is a language of mobility .'
I hugged and kissed my father at every opportunity , I felt quite natural	'as I was named president of the Ford Motor company'
After the man heard what the manager said , he thought nothing stealing	'went out to buy a diamond necklace somewhere else'
"What is the best title of the passage ? Rare Illness Turns Girl "" Sleeping Beauty """	'How Louisa Overcame the Difficulty'
What is Mr Smith doing when a woman comes to ask him the way ? He walking street .	'He is walking along the bridge .'
What happened to the man in the end ? He became generous .	'He became the richest man in the world .'
In this text , the writer tries to tell us that something important money	'when talking to people we should look into their eyes'
What does Kessa do to lose weight ? She stops eating .	'She eats less junk food .'
When one of the author 's friends visited The Lego Room , destroyed model accident	'he tried building a new model'
The pair went to Taiwan to learn music dancing	'work for a music company'
His customers give him birthday cake	'many cakes'
There will be no more books because We read passages computers .	"""People do n't like reading books ."""
After reading the passage , who should take effective action ? Parents .	'Children .'
What will you do if a bike hurts you ? I won`t let rider go I call parents .	'I will let the rider go because I know how seriously I am hurt'
What makes people think about simple facts differently ? People 's different experience .	'Simple facts are different sometimes .'
From Billy 's story , we can see that parents let children interested	'men and women play different sports'
The author advises to put your palm on the desk or any things nearby in order to     reduce anxiety	'feel the surface of the object'
What is the passage mainly about ? The development transport wheels .	'The beginning of road design .'
The point of the story is to advise readers let limit growth	'not to miss any final exam at school'
What did Sam have to do that day ? To something special .	'To go to a new class .'
"why did the organization committee change the name "" Friendlies "" into "" Fuwa "" without giving   a formal announcement ? Because perhaps affect sales Olympic products ."	'Because all the people will criticize them for changing its name .'
Which of the following snacks is unhealthy according to the text ? Candies soda	'Low - fat milk'
How should a driver respond to the sounds from Driver Alert ? By pressing steering wheel .	'By sounding a warning .'
President Obama made a good - natured hit at Michelle 's expense to show humor	"'remember the "" bangs ""'"
John sat on the beach and probably waited for    Jack	'Steven'
Which of the following is NOT true about the City Car ? It take two passengers	"""It 's an electric car"""
Which of the following statements about the book is WRONG ? It poorly evaluated readers .	'It contains information about specific foods .'
What is this passage mainly about ? famous couple met got married	'how to act on a date with a stranger'
The strange light came from The broken car valley	"""Duffy 's car ."""
What does the passage mainly discuss ? The image   Barbie dolls	'The roles of a modern woman .'
According to the passage , the secret of the author 's success lies mainly in really	"""getting more A 's at school"""
According to the passage , if you want to book a table in a restaurant for 2007 Lunar New Year 's eve , you will have to    put money restaurant	"""accept the restaurant 's decision"""
Which is the best title of this passage ? A Mean Genius	'A Good Way to Earn Money'
What caused Wambugu to set up a lab in St. Louis , Missouri ? Her wish save sweet potatoes Kenya .	'Her love for sweet potatoes .'
"Why was the flight called "" Miracle on the Hudson "" ? It succeeded landing river ."	"'It suffered a "" double strike "" .'"
According to the passage , what is the problem with teens who do n't get enough nutrients ? They likely weaker lungs .	'They eat too much fruit and fish .'
What 's Peter 's family name ? Brown	'Peter Brown'
According to the passage , what can we learn about gray wolves ? They help keep balance nature	'The last wolf disappeared 50 years ago .'
"Why do African wild dogs get the name "" painted dogs "" ? They colorful fur ."	'The dogs in the same group are of different colors .'
Psychologists and other professionals can offer help to those think goals hard reach	'who want to ask the boss for a raise'
The Symi factory turns salt water fresh	'can make much fresh water at a time'
When at high school , the writer time play guitar .	'did well in gaokao'
Financial aid administrators believe that families face problem Jacobs	'college tuition fees will double soon'
How has WWF helped in China ? They helped protect China 's natural beauty .	'They have protected traditional ways of life .'
What do we know about hackers ? They sometimes try steal information .	'They are not computer experts .'
How did Gavin keep himself warm ? He built snow cave .	'He found a shelter .'
This passage is written to inform us information deadly illness MERS .	"""appeal to us to understand the medical expert 's biggest concern about MERS - CoV"""
What does the author try to tell us with the last sentence ? Giving gesture love , people understand appreciate .	"""Do n't be greedy with money or ask people to do things for you ."""
""" Live Blow the Line "" aims at making people know reality living poverty"	'helping poor people save more money'
According to the information in the passage , which is the best and fastest way to know more about the Web giant ? We 'd better visit web site--www.cyberteks.com .	"""We can write to his father for the kid 's information ."""
What does the passage   tell us ? How join school football team .	'How to be a good football player .'
The writer mainly wants to tell us that    fear mind real problem	'mothers can deal with anything with breath'
What can we learn about the toads ? They created larger problem Australia .	'They were brought to Australia by accident .'
If a kid is always complaining   about others , he or she should read It 's Okay To Be Different	"""I 'm Gon na Like Me"""
"Who is really "" Father Christmas "" ? Their parents"	'Father Christmas'
Mr. White 's picture was curtains	'an old man'
What do we learn about the machine ? It absorbs wet air turns water .	'It helps to make the water clean to drink.http://www.ks5u.com/gaokao/beijing/'
The farmer n't want son painter	"""liked the artist 's picture very much"""
The passage mainly describes Verne 's accurate preview future	'the 1969 Apollo II moon mission'
What problems may tough women have in their life ? They may difficulty marriage .	'They have different characteristics form traditional female images .'
According to the writer , which is the most important ? changeable	'positive'
The safe way to cross the road is to look ways , right left	'run cross the road'
In what way was an alcoholic 's family affected by alcoholism ? His family might suffer financially .	"""His family could n't afford the drink ."""
According the passage , The Pines is a restaurant ask special kinds food	'town which happens to be near the Banff National Park'
In what way was the night of November 9 the best night for Angela Carraro ? Business better usual .	'Many people stayed the night in her restaurant .'
The best title of this passage is Right Ways Studying	"""Do n't Waste Time"""
In the author 's opinion , news leads loss productivity	'offers a mental map of the world'
Which of the statements is true ? Cater began write poems recently .	'Carter gave up writing years ago .'
What 's the purpose in writing the text ? To ask people give away skis school	'To appeal to more locals to attend the school'
What does the writer think science is ? Promoting mankind 's health	'Winning the Nobel Prize'
"In Line 2 , what does the word "" those "" mean ? People ."	'Islands .'
When texting , the pedestrians walk in a different way to keep eyes steady phone	'take part in the study with the researchers'
In Sunshine Sports Centre     people birthday parties	'special lessons in diving are offered to adults'
The use of E - mail has made it possible for the writer to free time child	'spend less time working'
What do we learn about the author ? He works doctor .	'He received little formal education .'
Charring Cross Road famous bookshops	'contains various kinds of shops'
Why do we say Tutunendo is the wettest place in the world ? Because rains often .	'Because there is rain for an average of 120 days a year there .'
Kathy scratched Tom because wanted know teacher meant said	'she was in the habit of scratching other children'
The author resisted her third trip to Fiji because n't want separate American friends	"""she did n't know her cousins there very well"""
What may probably contribute to the application of the TowStop sticker in Germany ? The law country .	"""The sticker 's low cost ."""
What can we learn from Li Siyi and her classmates ? It 's important spirit questioning .	"""It 's important to find mistakes ."""
The author went out and left her eldest son in charge of the younger children because believed could well girlfriend 's help	'she knew that her eldest son was a good baby - sitter'
They went to the market to buy something eat .	'buy the tickets .'
What can be best title for the passage ? picture angle	"""Gigi 's escape"""
If you do n't like school , the first step is to find reasons	'leave school for a short time'
Why ca n't some children follow their common sense ? Because think children .	'Because they are curious about their new friends .'
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? If would like play golf , go village Oak Brook .	'Visitors can go shopping if they go to the Loop .'
Which phrase from the passage shows the writer ' s prejudice ? tiny little hick town	'reading the recipes in the magazine'
From Fannie Mae 's survey report , we can know that renters prefer become homeowners	'parents need to buy a house for their children'
What can we learn from the text ? 30 % normal cover price charged book .	'The books in the shop are more expensive than shoes in other shops .'
Which of the following is NOT true of Rolls after he heard Paul 's remark ? He ignored stained clothes worked hard .	"""He did n't speak in foul language ."""
Why are women underrepresented in some fields such as technology ? They encouraged work fields .	'They are not paid the same as men in these fields .'
The Lonely Planet guidebook can bring you the following advantages EXCEPT that speak foreign language opening guidebook	'it can help you save time and money when traveling'
Which of the following do you think is the best title for the passage ? Food Health	"""Do n't Eat Too Much"""
For whom will the quotes be effective according to the author ? Those take immediate action reading	'those who read them carefully'
Why does Cox want to be a speaker ? To help people overcome disabilities	'To prevent children born without arms'
It is a cognitive scientists job to study process understanding	'how people dream and learn'
All information we receive depends on attention	'information itself'
Which of the following is TRUE ? You make phone calls know information .	'You can hire the house in Hoburn if you want to cook in a large kitchen .'
What change has taken place in the author 's family ? They give praise every day .	"""They invite Ulmer 's students to their home ."""
Which of the following expresses the main idea of the passage ? We always aware manners .	"""Parents should be responsible for their children 's good habits ."""
According to the passage , a multi - disciplinary approach is effective because approach covers lot problems meet	'the approach is linked to our future survival'
Although acting is difficult for her , she never gives up because strong - minded	'she acted in the popular TV plays'
The greatness of George Lucas mainly lies in his making film industry modern	'making movies about racing cars'
How did Tom Becker feel at the news that he had won the prize ? He surprised delighted .	'He had expected he would win the prize .'
The purpose of the first hot line was prevent accidental war two superpowers	'to promote the cooperation between the Soviet Union and the United States'
What is the story about ? About friends .	'About friends .'
Which is the best title    of this passage ? Dou Kou , Youngest Writer	'How to Write Fairy Tales'
The city government rejected the $ 50,000 bid because n't want supply breakfast lunch work crews .	'it thought that coffee and doughnuts were the best things for the work crews .'
Most people in the USA can digest milk because ancestors Europeans	"""that 's where milk drinking started"""
Mrs Green has her lunch home	'with Mr Green'
For whom is the passage most likely intended ? Parents .	'Children .'
"When we say someone "" lives a sheltered life "" , we mean they secure home life face problems alone"	'live in the country'
We can infer from the passage that one ca n't buy enough gas truck 99 cents	'the young man forgot to bring any money with him'
These are designed for those who victims sleeping sickness .	'are working for high - tech companies .'
What 's the purpose of the text ? To make advertisement .	'To present a website design .'
What do we know about the study from the passage ? It paid close attention effect fathers children .	'912 children and adults took part in the study .'
The children the Council ran buses for in the past were those travel long way	'whose parents were worried about them'
The author wrote this passage in order to expect people think others	'give advice on organizing a drive'
What can we learn about the first purpose of summer holidays ? It good reason city kids .	'It was more for teachers than for students .'
What 's the best title of the passage ? Seeing believing	'My busy father'
An ordinary American ca n't tell you his / her value system because / never thought	'values are something often in their thought'
What do pilots and police officers wear to work ? Uniforms .	'Casual clothes .'
The hippo envied the bird because could sing well	'he could live in the tree'
What is the feature of Art Gallery of Ontario ? You see art exhibits collections around world . '	"""Picasso 's paintings will be shown until May Day ."""
According to this passage , a student who is learning to speak American English might be afraid that British people understand	'American people can not understand him'
You may hold your fingers over your lips while reading    feel whether lips move	'to hold a piece of paper between them'
The officials in charge of the BBC decide things without permission government	'should give more time to political parties than to religious groups'
"The best title of the passage is ""   The History Eating Fork"	'Eating with a Fork'
China sent some rice up to the ISS in order to science experiments	'make it grow better in space'
Which of the following is TRUE of Alix Scott ? She prefers online banking services local banks .	"""She ca n't afford her college education ."""
The author develops the article mainly by giving examples	'following the time order'
The writer mentions birds and frogs to    show light pollution affects animals	'explain why the number of certain species has declined'
What can be inferred from the passage ? When calling help give important details .	'You should forget about your own safety while giving first aid .'
"By saying""I have been running my mouth long enough"",the speaker means ""   I talked much"	'I have been a mouthy person'
Which of the following might be the best title for the story ? You get pay	'High cost of cheap fashion'
Nowadays thank - you cards seem to be rare mainly because Internet reduced people 's contact	'it is quicker to say thanks by e - mail'
The authors indicate that people value gift - giving because they feel it serve strengthen relationship	'requires the gift - receivers to return'
What 's the title of the passage ? Bad influences celebrities .	"""Media 's bad influences ."""
What can be the best title for this passage ? Stuck .	'A hair trick .'
The book mentioned in this passage is written for readers who intelligent college students lay person know much science .	'want to have a superficial understanding of science .'
Which of the following is his novel ? For Esme ? Love Squalor	'The New Yorker'
What do the four books have in common ? They intended children .	'They are about adventures of animals .'
What was the writer 's intention in writing this passage ? To emphasize need good education .	'To warn against playing professional basketball .'
The writer planted the tomato because room garden	"""the roses ' branches needed to be covered"""
Which is right according to (   ) the passage ? He start new life .	'He gave his friends a bit of meth .'
Anne loves B C	'playing basketball'
If you wish to live a happy , and purpose driven life , you can do the following except     go totally peaceful quiet place children	'spend time each day by yourself to think and listen to the inner voice'
If an intelligent person failed , he would learn experiences	'try to find all he could'
The passage is meant to tell us---- Think act	'Never play pranks'
Why did Dr Aylward urge people not to celebrate prematurely ? Because people may misled stop battle .	'Because we are getting an upper hand on the virus .'
Why did the author want to cry when noticing the beautiful lady ? She envied lady owned .	'She had no such expensive car .'
They found that most village kids helped parents housework lot	"""did n't care much about school"""
The little oil lamp did n't like his job because thought light house important	'he had to help the keeper make his way'
What does the writer try to tell us in the passage ? The number overweight people growing .	'How people keep fit all over the world .'
Snowblindness can be avoided providing eyes something focus	"""by making up for the discomfort of one 's eyes"""
What activities that seniors would like to do according to the passage ? Senior Show Senior Prom .	'School work .'
Which of the following is a good way to lose weight according to the text ? Having good diet .	'Eating less .'
Near the North Pole you ca n't see plants	'tents of skins'
What does the author say about Michelle Obama as a First Lady ? She n't disappoint African - American community .	"""She will concern herself with African - American women 's welfare"""
In China , seeing a child falls off a bike , an adult will smile in order to avoid embarrassment encourage boy	'avoid his own embarrassment'
According to the passage , what is a proper way to save water ? Starting washer full load .	'Encouraging people to use cleaner spray .'
In the 1700s , the deaf were taught sign language	'a spoken language'
According to the passage , a good advertisement should persuasive effective	'show people a new idea of a product'
What did the Bronte sisters want to do for Branwell Bronte ? Help get trained art .	'Help him write stories .'
You need to build a positive self - image when you unconfident	'feel it hard to change yourself'
The Big Draw already holds a world record for number people drawing time .	'the length of time spent on a drawing .'
How did government employees use to earn a living ? By benefiting positions	'By transporting bags of cash'
A tariff is money paid sell buy goods across border country	'to sell or buy products of foreign brand names'
What probably made the EU think of the idea ? A country`s success aspect	'The increasing seriousness of smoking'
The doctor did n't cure the old woman right away because wanted take woman 's things	'the woman refused to pay him'
Who was the tall man with a black beard ? Catherine 's father .	"""Johnson 's enemy ."""
We can know from the passage that Mongolians probably emphasize     . collective power	'cultural influences'
How should we deal with the recurring nightmares ? We see psychological doctor seriously disturbing	'We need to take some sleeping pills to stop this serious problem .'
What is the best title of the text ? All Father 's Love	'An Experienced Coach'
The author 's brother needs more attention because lost functions lower body	'he needs the words of encouragement'
What makes some people successful ? They keep good habits .	'They meet good friends .'
. Why were the children hiding in the tree ? They wanted find rumors Mrs. Tailor true	'They wanted to watch Mrs. Tailor do her housework closely .'
Who are annoyed with food photography in restaurants ? The .	'Restaurant owners .'
Research has shown that first impressions are generally more affected by certain types information hand	'all information we have'
Which is unnecessary for people inside the EU when submitting applications ? An entrance visa .	'Evidence of English ability .'
On 1stApril , you can phone ticket reservations	'receive tickets by post'
Which country ranks the last on environmental watchdog Germanwatch 's annual index ? Saudi Arabia .	'China .'
IWFU uses friends list to identify user 's friends	'log on the Internet'
Among the Arabs , at one time , less important person kissed important person 's hand	"""more important person kissed less important person 's hand"""
What did the author think of having her hair cut in primary school ? She hated rule .	"""She did n't care about hair at all ."""
57.In writing the passage , the author intends to warn possible disaster future	'tell the historical development of the Earth'
"How do men get the name "" Instagram Husbands "" ? Their duty take pictures wives girlfriends ."	'They take and share photos to attract fans on the net .'
What did Galaxy expect her parents to do ? To accept Kazrim boyfriend .	'To treat Kazrim as a normal man .'
Which of the following may the Navajo believe ? Life becomes perfect die .	'He who makes no mistake is a perfect man .'
Which of the following is not the activity arranged for participants ? Growing crops desert .	"""Contributing to JNF 's work ."""
""" No vacancies "" in English means free rooms"	'not away on holiday'
"Which action agrees with "" kin selection "" ? A deer staying behind group hunted tigers ."	"""A dog killing a wolf to save its master 's sleeping baby ."""
The author wrote the passage mainly to make us know 's important listen people offer different perspective    experience	'tell us not to cut trees down any more'
Why could n't w e find any numbers or any sticks in the cafeteria ? Because need .	'Because students were tired of them .'
The improvement to the present system is in the charge of FCC	'the Warning Alert and Response Network'
Which of the following is NOT true about Maricel ? She survived uncle .	"""She did n't shy away from public attention ."""
Which of the following orders is from higher to lower risk of having lung cancer ? Africans -- Americans -- Latinos	'Whites -- Native Hawaiians'
According to the passage , which ca n't you do when you are feeling unhappy ? Stay alone .	'Learn something new and challenge yourself .'
According to the passage , you can visit the US State Department 's travel website to find companies offer short - term travel health insurance	'good health care which cover trips'
Why did the kids laugh at the boy ? Because ears .	'Because he had only an ear .'
It can be inferred that the author forgiven manager fifteen years ago	'would like to tell people never to be fooled by an egg sale'
It is Sunday . Ann and her mother shopping	'are in a clothing shop'
The passage is mainly about - - date way keeping date	'a new magazine printed in London'
Which of the following is NOT the reason of the writer being late for her work ? She traffic accident way work .	'She changed her purse and other little things .'
People use social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook to notice get noticed	'give attention to others'
What would Indians do to solve this problem ? They would reduce textbooks .	'They would take students to school by bus .'
How can online shoppers avoid fraud ? By using trusted websites .	'By collecting shopping evidence .'
The author seems to believe that every kid needs parents ' full attention	"""it 's tiring to look after three children"""
An ape can not speak like man	'learn words'
At the beginning , Ocean Park Hong Kong mainly got income ticket prices donations	'sold its tickets at a high price'
What is the best title for the passage ? Live 100 Things	'Defeat 100 Challenges in Life'
Which would be the best title for the text ? A Mini - biography Of Audrey Hepburn	'How To Be A Famous Star Like Audrey Hepburn'
The circle rolled very slowly because it lost piece	'was looking for its missing piece'
What does the author want to tell us ? Hard work pays sooner later .	'The way to win a scholarship to a college .'
Which is the best title of the passage ? How keep cool angry .	'When to stop getting angry .'
If you need less brain activity to perform a task , productive	'you can use your brain to the fullest'
When the eyes are tired , tears flow out make vision unclear	'to make the eyes stop searching'
We can know from the passage that people in X fond different sports	'especially like winter sports'
Compared to their parents , the children seemed to easily touched music	'be better at playing the violin'
In ancient Egypt , a crier was probably someone who functioned like today 's TV radio commercial	'ran a shop selling goods to farmers'
The cellphone company with the largest global market share is located in Finland	'Japan'
Emily and Zach will spend their summer vacation    . sightseeing	'visiting their parents'
What things do the three children do together ? Play basketball .	'Play video games .'
Some people would even prefer the death to the running away of their spouse because spouse 's death would bring feeling rejection failure	"""their spouse 's death would contribute to them starting a fresh life"""
"The passage says that the "" new man "" would read stories children"	'spend more time on their work'
The passage is maybe one that give tips buyers	'give some advice on the house'
All of the following measures will be taken to protect elephants EXCEPT sentence wildlife poachers hunters death	'to identify wildlife trading a serious crime'
In the future , Tom Ford hopes to make movie	'start a company'
Wood becomes larger because of water entering dead cells	'dead cell walls'
To fight against lung cancer , what matters much to smokers is stop smoking	'to receive the treatment of lung cancer'
"Rousey earned the nickname "" The Arm Collector "" because She defeated fighters armbars"	"""She has been dominating women 's MMA for the past few years"""
"What does "" figure out "" mean ? Find ."	'Feel better .'
The writer participated in the volunteering job in order to get sadness	'find out the secret'
"The following descriptions about the "" I 'm "" program are correct EXCEPT Microsoft support charity activity free"	"'US MSN users who take part in the "" I \'m "" program contribute to charity'"
What is a telephone hot line ? A telephone line people get advice	'A hot telephone'
What do the four attractions have in common ? Their opening hours changeable different times .	'Tourists can get a discount of 20 % with the Barcelona Card .'
Phthalates and BPA can get into us mouth nose	'by feeling plastic products'
Foreign students take Advanced Placement classes for the eventual purpose of entering American college	'earning college credits'
According to the passage , why is winning Olympic medals so encouraging ? It means lot whole country .	'It helps the country out of natural disasters .'
The passage does n't mention that Ford received any training in photography	'designing'
Reading the headlines , people can know articles	'the most important news'
Why do many customers choose the video room service ? Because dinner friends without traveling .	'Because the room is large enough for six people .'
Who took the jewelry ? The thief .	'Mr. Jones .'
According to Professor Barnes , theobromine effective cure coughs	'can not be as effective as codeine'
When the bell rang for break , Li Lei drew nothing	'a dog and some bread'
What is the passage mainly about ? What prepares become volunteer .	'Where volunteers are needed most in the world .'
We learn form Atcheson 's words that offer cars different types	'their customers prefer new cars'
When we use formal English , appear educated important occasions	"""we need n't pay more attention to grammar rules"""
The author moved to Alameda so that she could time together Darcy	'visit her children at Alameda College frequently'
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? Science Knowledge Gaps Are Obvious Kindergarten	"""Income Gaps Affect Children 's School Performances"""
The best title for this passage would be Becoming Young Adult	'The Choices in Life'
What did Jack do after hearing his friend 's joke ? He laughed louder anyone else .	"""He did n't laugh ."""
Where did Friedman use to work ? In Google .	'In Seastead Institute .'
In the following , which is ASIMO 's behavior ? Fighting , climbing running fast	'Collecting waste for patients'
Opera companies prefer to perform short versions because make people come opera	'they can be performed in public libraries'
What should people NOT do when they are trapped in debris ? Light match help .	'Use a whistle for help .'
It is difficult to find sponsors for the robots because production robots costs lot	'the robots are of poor design'
For what purpose were the first typewriters manufactured ? To produce legal documents .	'To create   the first computer keyboards .'
For packing tips and other suggestions , visit www.tsatraveltips.us	'TSA Consumer Response Centre'
"Why did Arthur Miller 's father move to the USA ? He attracted "" Great American Dream . """	'His family business failed'
How does the writer express his parental pride ? By specific praise kids .	"""By admiring his kids ' work ."""
What is the passage mainly about ? A special Christmas gift .	'A sad Christmas day'
"We can infer that in the""Back to the Future""movies cars fly sky"	'pilots have no cars to drive'
The story is about Mr Smith	"""Mr Smith 's son"""
Students always feel tired and sleep in class because they busy enough sleep	'have to stay up late to do their homework .'
What did the school officials do after receiving the check from Mr. LeBermuth ? They tried find gave money .	'They decided to offer their students free room and board .'
If you are good at communicating with others , you should apply to Maryland Institute College Art	'Wichita State University'
"What is the feature of a "" feature "" phone ? Its functions "" dumb "" phone fully - developed smart phone ."	'It has nearly all the functions of a fully - developed smart phone .'
What does the passage talk about ? Voice 's influence plant growing .	"""Plants enjoy men 's voices than women 's ."""
Waiting for Winter and The Snowy Day are similar in that centered around first snowfall winter	'they are intended for older children and adults'
What might be Addie 's problem ? She wants play drums .	"""She ca n't take surfing lessons ."""
"Vivien 's saying "" I 'm used to it "" shows that people rude"	'Vivien used to be rude to others'
Which city has dropped most on the list in North America ? Toronto .	'New York .'
Who signed an agreement to donate money to build a Hope Primary School on May 10 ? Professor Daniel Chee Tsui .	'Beijing government .'
The old woman took a wrong train because     never taken train .	'her daughter took her to a wrong train .'
"The "" Dictator Game "" is used to test whether student generous"	'determine the different levels of embarrassment'
The writer 's parents found it hard to be used to American life because suffered culture shock	'different countries have different lives'
What characteristics will the new hotel have ? The material protect hotel bad weather .	'A power station will be built in the hotel .'
Bill opened the shop so early in the day because lot business	'the shop had to be open when the morning papers came'
According to the meeting in Rome quarter Italians wrong posture .	'all of the children have sight problems .'
The writer helps you understand what Biosphere 2 is like by describing appearance conditions	'comparing its features with those of an outer space biosphere'
The doctor thought many people had health problems only because they    enough exercise	"""did n't like walking"""
Most wireless network technology has data encryption program	'password security programs'
58 . What do you think is the best title for the article ? Compound Words Everyday Life	'Water - proof Cloth in the Best .'
What can we infer from the passage ? It hard solve indoor air pollutants .	'Most people can not afford a new stove .'
The poem mainly tells us friends	"'why "" I "" can be a true friend'"
What did the bird give Hungbu a year later ? A seed .	'A little bird .'
According to the BBC report , the main strategy of a successful pickpocket is distract victims	'to use swift hand movements'
Jackie helped clean the house instead of going fishing with Grandpa because wanted Susan keep secret	'Grandma asked him to'
What does the party mean , for western high school students that are about to graduate ? They adults depend parents .	'They have finished high school and will go to college .'
According to Allen , why did the people do better with pets around when facing stressful tasks ? They less nervous .	'They have lower blood pressure .'
In North America , men sometimes misunderstand women 's intention because men care less different messages communicated clothes	'men and women have different views on clothing styles'
Students who are going to study in America must prove pay study	'find someone to pay for their college fees'
The little stream finally crossed the desert by evaporating breeze	'forming a river'
If you want to join the activity , you need n't experience tree planting	'will be able to enjoy music while planting trees'
Tom came to the station to take train home	'sell the ticket'
Why did Judith commit suicide to end her life ? She caught ideal reality .	"""She could n't tolerate the violence of the poet 's heart ."""
What makes Chinese pupils become nearsighted at a younger age ? Parents expect children become dragons phoenixes	'Dragons and phoenixes are part of traditional Chinese culture .'
What was Benjamin Franklin 's purpose in life ? To useful others .	'To earn a lot by inventing things .'
If a person works 24 hours a week , he can enough spare time hobbies	'have no time left to make his dream come true'
The author did n't expect that after she wrote her son 's story for a newspaper , many TV shows would want interview	"""many TV stations would want to film her son 's story"""
The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy was first shown to the public as radio series	'a TV series'
What can we infer from the story ? The man surprised set free .	'The man smiled to please the guard .'
What was the effect of encouragement on the dogs ? It made little devoted task	'It made them able to compete with the wolves'
More than 40 percent of the poor people are children . This is mainly because young deprived chances work	'they are very poor in health'
"The author writes the passage mainly to share inspiration 
 Alice Lace"	'advise us to buy \n Alice in Lace'
"More evidence is provided to show "" bossy "" is more applied to females by Ban bossy campaigners"	'Helen Trim at Fresh Minds'
What 's the purpose of the forum for artists , scholars , collectors and the public ? To help evaluate great arts encourage develop modern arts .	'To get the information of great arts all over the world .'
According to the passage , when lower - class people meet problems , they tend to turn others	'learn from upper - class people'
If your kid wants to be a lifeguard , he or she has to do all the following except receiving training free	'learning to take action when necessary'
What did the author do while Richard was talking in the business conference ? He kept notes things agree .	'He pushed Richard and beat him .'
The passage is mainly about much Yuxin 's caring host family America changed	'how Yuxin learned to get along with younger kids in America'
"By "" permissive period in education "" the author means a time children allowed wish"	'when children are permitted to receive education'
According to the text , when you talk about your problems to others , live easily	'you will create another problem'
What 's the passage mainly about ? How make curling stone .	'How to become a curling stone maker .'
Which of the following is true of the Smoky Bear ? It created warn Americans dangers wildfires .	'It firstly appeared in America in 1944 with no slogan .'
According to the writer , traditional means of communication will never disappear because help keep friendly relationship people	'modern means of communication does too much harm'
What is the writer worrying about ? The US longer first software player world .	'The quality problem has become a worldwide problem .'
Which of the following can NOT be drawn from the passage ? Blondin conquered audience simply talent .	"""Blondin 's   success had something to do with his character ."""
What can we know about Mr. Myrus according to the passage ? He responsible teaching students .	"""He is a person who is n't particular about what he wears ."""
Which of the following is NOT true about Xia Haibo ? He stop begging earns enough money future life .	'He is writing a book to express his thanks to those who helped him .'
The writer believes that the day will come when future computers able work TV	'the future computers will take the place of televisions and radios'
What color does Jane like ? Yellow .	'Black .'
What can we learn from the passage ? Going far bad going far enough .	'A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush .'
The 13 red and white stripes and13 white Stars represent colonies declared independence 1776	'13 independent states'
What can you do if you want to make a phone call to your friend in your room ? Phone reception desk .	'Phone the room staff .'
What are middle school students warned of in the passage ? Involvement drugs alcohol .	'Applying themselves to their school work .'
What 's the purpose of this passage ? It tells us that people should hold positive attitude	'have low expectations of life'
What happened to Li Ming on July 6 ? He crushed forefinger working .	'He was hurt by a car accident .'
We are told that the milkman now starts out on his delivery rounds earlier than before because of increased workload	'an increased demand for milk'
The passage is mainly about different chicken fruit salad	'all kinds of fruit salads'
What did the baby do in the supermarket ? made lot noise	'pushed the shopping cart'
The writer writes the passage in order to try ask readers buy books	'teach how to design your living space'
In the festival , you can see 400 works art	'get some paintings at the Box Office'
Why are shoppers charged a fivecent tax for buying shopping bags ? To collect money environmental project .	'To get enough money for the green roof project .'
What does the film Memoirs of a Geisha lead to ? The recovery interest kimonos .	"'The "" geisha trips "" to social events .'"
Stephen could n't work for a long time because he got serious heart disease	"""decided to be a volunteer at a Children 's Hospital ."""
According to the author , the students do not have enough time to get their work done mainly because lack good learning habits	'they feel sleepy while reading'
Who can make big money in the new century according to the passage ? Professionals good knowledge gerontology	'College graduates with an MBA or law degree'
Which of the following would best summarize the text ? Schoolboy becomes American 's youngest mayor .	'How to become a teenage mayor .'
This news report is most likely to be selected from the    British	'Japanese'
Which of following does the author most probably support according to the passage ? Bicycling around lake .	'Swimming in a sports center .'
Diana asked Vivien and the writer to forgive her because knew wrong	"""Vivien and the writer did n't talk to her"""
Where did Sue learn a lot about desert ? In Egypt .	'In the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge .'
Before reading their books , the old people in the restaurant put glasses	'buy glasses'
Why is it difficult to collect information about the past climate change ? Because difficult obtain complete samples .	"""Because scientists ca n't find proper equipment and machinery ."""
When the writer asked her son to give money to help the poor , he declined donate	'put all his money in a bank'
The surgeon was late because car taken away	'Clens Falls was too far from Albany'
When his father drove him to the school , Frank would shrink down into the seat hoping to disappear because ashamed father 's old truck	'he thought he was old enough to go to school alone'
If someone is in an angry mood , which color is better for him to become quiet ? Dark blue .	'Bright yellow'
In the author 's opinion , the young man asked the servant to take the juice to the old man so that people would inspired good deeds	'the old man could probably accept it'
According to the author , what is necessary for companies to do ? Make improvements office design .	'Paint all the walls of their offices green .'
The author did n't write the review as soon as he finished reading the book because wondered book would long influence	"""he had to wait for Rich Ezzo 's permission"""
Bamboo is a kind of grass because grows quickly	"""it does n't grow in forests"""
Jack and Mark soldChicken Soup for the Soulbecause deserved expansion	'readers got tired of the series'
Betty does NOT advise Knowing Nothing to keep silent table	'relax at the dinner table'
The woman entered the shop     wanted dress .	'though she asked to see a dress in the window .'
According to the passage , most ' real ' Utopias last only a short time because one knows make perfect society	'everyone wants to live in Utopia'
The winter met the blind man on sunny winter day	'a rainy winter day'
The text likely take from the website	'trade speech'
From the very beginning of the passage , we can know Europeans tend talk listen less	'actually lose the ability to listen'
Mr Green was surprised see old man umbrella hand fine day	'thinking about where to get a big strong black umbrella'
"Which of the following "" weirdest "" foods is the one writer has n't tried ? Chicken 's head ."	"""Chicken 's feet ."""
What does Mrs. Brown usually do at six fifty ? She breakfast .	'She goes to work .'
If you want to get a library card , you need n't pay	'need to borrow five books first'
What will happen if wetland is not under protection yet ? The chain ecosystem broken .	'China will have more wetland .'
Huckleberry Finn is character book	"""a boy of Mark Twain 's"""
From the story we know that the daughter thought father tell truth	"""did n't know why the thermos fell"""
Unlike your eyes , an eagle 's eyes form tears	'have an extra eyelid'
Du Kun began to use a dictionary , father taught learn something	'when he wrote fairy tales'
The author 's history teacher advised him to search library books related papers	'seek help from a professional student'
Mr. Ellis often talks about old days	'his old house'
Therapy dogs may help the students in the following situations EXCEPT finishing homework	'taking final exams .'
The best title for the passage    is School life America	'Junior high school'
Mr. Rock wants the boy come	'eat the apples'
What is the main idea of the passage ? Nick unusual experience .	'Nick became a hero .'
Why did the man have a black eye ? He fell crashed table .	'He was hit in the eye by his wife .'
What can be inferred from Smeeth 's words ? Reducing blood pressure n't safe everyone .	'Drug side effects are bigger than benefits .'
According to the author , how can one lose a heart ? By losing one owns .	'By getting discouraged .'
The best title of the passage may be Do n't Hope . Decide	'Long Loving Hugs'
"By saying "" lost generation "" , Mr Vogts refers to today 's young people"	'his worry about these young people'
Which of the following ways of expressing love and care is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Writing letters .	'Making phone calls'
Who are more likely to feel blue in holiday according to the passage ? Those feel frustrated work .	'Those who are fond of family reunions .'
In both Vietnam and China , during the Mid - Autumn Festival , people would eat moon cakes	'buy lanterns for children'
In order to find happiness we should focus good relationships	'invest our money in our friend'
Why did the writer decide to go to Jamaica ? He n't satisfied retired life .	'He missed his students in that country .'
Judy was diagnosed with clinical depression . The most probable cause is She went family problems friends deserted	"""She could n't learn how to make new friends"""
Tom was excited because nearly game	'the computer has a good memory'
Why does the author think that Grander may be the craziest man in the world ? Because enjoyed entertaining people terrifying .	'Because his greatest desire was to entertain people .'
In this passage the writer gave us advice deal unknown words	'advised us to use the dictionary as much as possible'
Some education reformers think we should improve our school education by reducing homework	'increasing homework'
The story happened doctor 's room	"""in the man 's office"""
Why did families buy Katie 's lamb and return it repeatedly ? They wanted help Katie heart	"""Katie 's mother cried for help ."""
The purpose of writing a letter to the president was to explain would readers work	'enclose the information on how to become cartoonists with the letter'
Until the age of five , the writer saw father sometimes	'never saw his father'
Point was the purpose of Edinburgh Festival at he beginning ? To bring Europe together .	'To introduce young theatre groups .'
In the writer 's opinion , students should sports studying	'spend all their free time studying'
When you go on a friendship holiday , must find place enjoy feel comfortable	'you have to spend a lot of money with your friend'
What does Anna do in the kitchen ? She helps mother cook meals .	'She teaches her mother how to cook .'
In Europe , to enjoy the best quality of life , you'd better live in Spain France	'Ireland and Poland'
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? How Be Leader	'Not Many Can Be Leaders'
The writer changed his mind after waiting 30 minutes because became impatient bit worried	'the bus driver had given him wrong information'
Pressure for schools to provide pupils with career advice comes from Education Act 2011	'Association of School and College Leaders'
The man got angry because n't know Aesop meant	"""Aesop said he would n't tell him anything"""
Why did the soldier feel frustrated ? Because could n't find smuggler smuggled .	'Because he wanted to become a smuggler .'
Edgar smiled at and raised his hat to the lady because feeling excited cheerful	'she was having her photograph taken'
We can know from the passage that Patti Page left Mercury Records age 35	"'appeared in "" The Patti Page Show "" in 1957'"
If you want to join in the school activities , you must book advance	'need to visit the school web'
Annealing can make metal soft tough	'soft and brittle'
We can learn from the text that the prototype completed used pressurized gases keep things cold	'increased the liquid boiling temperature'
If your pet is burned by chemicals , you should get rid washing	'put an ice pack directly on the skin'
Why did the larger ants serve in central positions in their ant rafts ? To save ant societies .	'To protect the smaller ants .'
It is very easy to find places in your new school by asking people help	'walking around the school'
"The sentence "" But I got turned down every time . "" means "" But I refused every time"	'But the door of every station was always closed'
What do airlines do to solve this problem ? Improve food .	'Offer more food .'
Which is NOT the reason why the writer decided to offer help ? It getting dark outside .	"""The driver 's wife was to give birth ."""
Guadalupe was called as low learner n't speak English	"""because she was n't clever"""
The elderly Chinese lady visits Lucy regularly because cares Lucy 's state health	'Lucy likes cooking Chinese food'
Dinosaur scientists can get information directly by studying dinosaur fossils	'watching dinosaurs'
We can infer from the passage that JK Rowling 's novels sold well .	'Ukraine is a very rich country in the world .'
According to the writer , to be welcome anywhere , you must show care love others	'satisfy the needs of different people'
What might be the best title for the text ? Rainforests Environment	'How to Save Rainforests'
According to the research , college students usually use few words to take notes by hand in class because they want write fast	'dislike to take notes'
What is the author 's main purpose in writing the text ? To recommend interesting family activity .	'To introduce the history of riddles .'
Dr . David Crystal would probably agree that people know something weblish	'weblish will destroy the English language'
The girl left the selective high school possibly because could n't fit class	'her parents were immigrants'
Trudy ordered the stamps because seemed good way start stamp collection	'she need them to mail some letters'
The best title for the text would be Giving Directions	'Finding the Post Office'
In order to protect communities , WHO takes some measures except gaining access vulnerable developing countries	'preventing diseases caused by climate changes'
From the text , we know people live on soil	'plant'
The author waited until the light went green because used obeying traffic rules	'running the light would make him fined'
The new summer camp mainly gives children a chance to enjoy Chinese culture	'Chinese movies'
Clinton 's father died Clinton born	'when Clinton was young'
The best title for the story would be The Pleasure Helping Others	'Work - A Part of Living'
American football is popular big universities USA	'a game played only with feet'
How did the lookers - on react when the tide began to come in ? They disappointed see art ruined .	'They tried their best to save the sand castle .'
The result of the experiment showed that when music was played , 90 % people worked better	'75 % of people completed data entry task faster'
The author says that you 're not alone because other students    feel	'will learn the new rules with you'
According to Bowlby , children under the age of three sent school	'should be cared for outside the home'
What can we learn about Dr. Marcy from the passage ? He interested finding life outer space .	'He is fond of watching Jupiter .'
The example of a bad smell and a noisy neighbour is raised to indicate that tolerating n't virtuous act	'most people find them hard to tolerate'
About the tickets to Li Yun Di Piano Recital , which of the following is right ? The price tickets n't determined .	'The price of the tickets is too high .'
According to the passage , one 's mood is strongly affected by hormone melatonin	'brain cells'
After entering the museum , in which of the following places should you pay additional fee ? The Space Quest Planetarium	'Global City exhibit'
According to the author , one should run the London Marathon to feel sense self - achievement	'see the sights in London'
The purpose of the passage is to give tips prevent hurt gossip Internet	'list the difference between the old fashioned gossip and gossip on the Internet'
What will happen to you if you are caught driving dangerously and two months later you are caught careless driving ? You able drive 6 months .	'You will not be able to drive for 3 months .'
What did Saunders do in 2001 ? He took adventure North Pole .	'He met John Ridgway in Scotland .'
What is the passage mainly about ? future hydrogen energy resource	'war and energy'
"When a person disagree with someone , it is polite to say ""   I 'm sure"	"""I 'm sure I disagree"""
What can we learn about from the passage ? We ask clearly assuming anything .	'People with similar traits can be friends .'
GDP is considered better than GNP by some economists because less likely affected foreign market	'it is used by most countries'
What do we know about Teh and Curran ? They know blind feel .	'They began to develop NVDA in 2008 .'
"In the passage , the word "" COKE "" refers to young people"	'a kind of drink young people enjoy'
The passage is developed mainly by giving examples making comparisons	'providing figures to support its main point'
After they arrived at the new place ,    tidy place	'Mummy and Margot were unwilling to tidy .'
Why was the original Race Point Light replaced by a new one ? It n't done good job helping passing ships .	"""It was n't high enough and had no foundation ."""
Which of the following was NOT true about the color1 of the universe ? It called turquoise .	'It was finally discovered close to white .'
"Vivien 's saying "" I 'm used to it . "" shows that people rude"	'Diana was often rude to others'
Which of the following is not the advantage of the Four - Season Tents ? The sense floating .	'The large wooden platforms .'
What would a successful amusement park be like in Walt 's opinion ? It could make families satisfied .	'It included attractions of all kinds .'
In the writer 's opinion , hobbies n't cost anything	'hobbies are valuable to everybody'
The students in the passage are talking about wishes	'their schools'
According to Jeffrey Brenzel quadruplets well studies	'the quadruplets graduated from different high schools'
How can we avoid being attacked by mosquitoes according to the text ? Attract objects full carbon dioxide gas .	'Use dark objects to stop them .'
What did his parents want him to be when he grew up ? They wanted doctor .	'They wanted him to be a dustman .'
Which of the following is TRUE according to the story ? Red Lion name bar .	'Store - house is a place to feed the cows .'
What 's the best title of this passage ? Colour	'Dark colour'
"According to the passage , which of the following is one of the reasons why the disease is called "" Swine flu "" ? The virus probably developed swine flu virus ."	'Some patients have eaten some not - so - well - cooked pork .'
His father told him to patient	'ask his friends for help'
Why did n't the man enter the rowboat at first ? Because sure God would help .	"""Because he did n't know the men in the boat ."""
On Wednesday morning , US middle school kids often talk TV shows	'watch the American Idol show'
According to the research , people watching a movie in 3D good exercise brain	'react the same way as those watching it in 2D'
According to the text , Charlotte 's example proves that necessary carry experimental project	'guide dogs can get along well with disabled people'
What is the characteristic of Oyster.com ? The photos site really reliable .	'It offers you a lot of travel information .'
If you rent an apartment at The Stra nd Southbank , you   . may easy access basic medical care	'may choose to enter any Jacksonville school you like'
Watt made the world 's first steam engine	'engine'
The best title of this passage is     Invitation western countries .	'Come and see me soon .'
What could the computer do ? Weigh talk people .	'Make them lose weight .'
What is the passage mainly discussing ? A film .	'A small town in West London .'
What problem do the rcscarchcrs meet with ? The cockroachcs sometimes move ihc wrong direction .	'The cockroachcs can only lift 20 times their own weight .'
How does the writer describe the appearance of snakes ? Something even without legs .	'Something not popular among people .'
What 's the best way to study geography ? To travel lot experience .	'To meet some more people in their homes .'
Which of the following is NOT a reason for countries ' cooperation in building the international space station ? That far away earth .	'That it will benefit every participating country .'
Who will call you about the details of volunteering in the school ? The school volunteer officer .	'The head teacher of the school .'
Besides teaching the disabled kids about sports , the program also teaches them about 	'how to work with other people'
The latest use of paper seems to be paper houses . These houses are expensive easy build	'made for children to play in or for homeless men to live in'
People just passed by the girl because never thought helping	'they knew the author would help her'
Which statement can best describe the life of Nelson Mandela ? Struggle life .	'Fight for equal rights .'
Hundreds of people phoned the professor because they hoped take money	'lost their lottery ticket'
The purpose of the passage is advocate sense ethics journalism	'to criticize the lack of ethics among journalists'
The author wants to tell us that kindness strangers make less lonely	'restaurants are full of surprises for lonely people'
Why do more people choose not to use Siri any longer ? Because artificial intelligence software n't reliable .	'Because Apple fails to make more successful advertisements .'
You 'd better keep your flowers for a long time , because flowers expensive buy	'the flowers are easy to dry'
The experiment by researchers indicated that   without electronic   products , one could recognize facial expressions correctly	'lose the sense of direction frequently'
What happened to Delvin Washington last May ? He seriously injured car accident .	'He graduated from high school with good grades .'
When buying materials for your greenhouse , you had better bring plans	'buy a bit more materials'
Where is the text most probably taken from ? A guidebook visitors London	"""A book about London 's churches and cathedrals ."""
Which is the lightest colour in a man 's mind ? White	'Red'
From the passage , we can learn that    Failure sometimes bring good take positive attitude .	'Hard - work has a full mark .'
Some people say it 's safer to be driven by women because fewer color -- blind women	'women are better at driving than men'
The little girl was n't allowed to enter the store because shoes	'the store was closed'
Where were Grandpa 's glasses lost ? In box made .	'In a church in Egypt .'
The lesson we can learn from the passage is that we should encourage adults learn children	'stop children dreaming of something strange'
In Donne 's poems he believes that death is hardly worth fear	'merely the loss of work and love'
People hoped that Mickey Mouse would silly things	'would become a clean mouse'
The passage is about terrifying accident	'how a road accident took place'
Mt. Everest refers to Mount Qomolangma	'a person who is known to many people in the world'
Which of the following statements is NOT true about Finland ? Finland much bloodshed caused firearms .	"""Finland has the world 's third rate of gun ownership ."""
The writer wrote this article to encourage p.eople care parents	'think highly of the talent of Liu Xiaoyu'
What would be the best title for the text ? The space art Chesley Bonestell	'The first men on the Moon'
Who are in favor of clothesline drying ? Environmentalists .	"""Reck 's dissatisfied neighbors ."""
What can we learn about Uncle Tom in the book ? helps fellow slaves avoid getting danger .	'He is a black man who betrays his race .'
What is the story mainly about ? How stranger helped writer get job .	'How a secretary offered the writer a job .'
From the story we can conclude   that the student wished     better teacher	'to become a dance teacher'
From the story , we can know that small things create great happenings life	"""offering one 's seat to others will lead to a marriage"""
People often begin their talk by saying something weather	'Looking for good weather'
An appropriate title for this passage would be Toward Definition Science Fiction	'A Type of Prose Fiction'
What measures have been taken to preserve the heritage of Tutankhamun 's tomb ? Building replica monument .	'Moving the tomb away from the actual site .'
The story is about personal experience told first person	'a school policy decision that will affect parents and students'
What can people do in the Madives if they win the holiday there ? They adventure water sports .	'They can visit local families to experience island life .'
What is the benefit that Yahoo!Contributor Network offers ? You easily communicate writers .	'You can get a lot of rewards from the site .'
Similar to the author 's daughter , children expect reward parents .	'receive certain rewards when becoming i11 .'
Who might feel his personal space is safe according to the passage ? A Latin boy chatting friend sitting close .	'A person who has to sit next to a lady putting on strong perfume .'
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Weakness Kindness .	'A Driving Experience'
What can families do at the Kayak Centre of Rhode Island ? Join skill - building activities .	'Learn theatre performances .'
The original purpose of the talking kitchen is to help particular persons cooking	'offer students chances to learn about French culture'
The writer moved to Auckland to study law college	'avoid the job shortage'
The program is intended for children whose parents ca n't afford extras	'who perform poorly at school'
There is no water in some reservoirs because snowfall dropped sharply	'water supply was cut off'
According to the passage , the tour offers chances take great photos	'has been voted the best tour in London three times'
what would be best title for the passage ? The Stolen Farthings	'The disappeared Child'
Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? Women Beauty	'Women and Fashion'
What do we learn from this passage ? How live beautiful life .	'How to solve problems in our lives .'
In Polynesia , to be polite while eating you should turn back others	'eat quickly'
Ferry service between Melbourne and Tasmania usually runs night hours	'Between different cities'
The writer came out of the house to enjoy sunshine	'look at an old lady'
Why do adults laugh less freely ? Because affected factors .	"""Because they do n't think it good to laugh much ."""
From the passage , we can infer that Bp pay much money according number dead wildlife	'marine scientists have seen some strange phenomena'
What did the bank teller do ? She pressed alarm button .	"""She did n't want to give the money to the robbers"""
"From the passage we know that the new word "" geili "" is also widely used abroad"	'a cool and awesome word'
Which activity is more likely to develop imagination and creativity ? Kids Library .	'Chess Free Play .'
The example of car dealers is used to show location important factor pricing	'car prices are determined by car dealers'
From the text we can learn that Windows 8 used computers	'will be popular with desktop users'
Which of the following is not the way the writer studies by ? Writing foreign friends	'Writing English diaries'
When helping strangers with the money , the author greeted smiles	'bought some gifts for them'
According to the passage , the students from Shenzhen high schools participated in the event to get people start thinking global warming	'hold a night party for fun'
From the passage we know writer might moved son	'Nick spent half an hour selling one stone'
Why did the author move into another host family ? The first family leave time .	"""The first family 's host mother was seriously ill ."""
What does the passage tell us about women shoppers for clothes ? They welcome suggestions others .	'They know what they want to buy .'
"In the author 's opinion the biggest difference between "" bright "" children and "" not bright "" children lies in different attitudes life"	'the different situations they face'
What 's the best title of the passage ? Celebrity Culture	'Media Influence'
In the author 's view , what plays an important role in developing language intuition ? Listening Reading	'Reading and Translating'
In honor of Robert Burns, celebration held every year birthday	"'"" My Love is Like a Red Red Rose "" and "" Auld Lang Syne "" are sung all around the world'"
When you open a link of fake news personal information given away	'you will feel disappointed at the news'
Which of the following information did Li Hua NOT mention in his email ? His age	'His reasons for learning English'
People feel guilty for the deaths of their loved ones because believe responsible	"""they did n't know things often turn out in the opposite direction"""
Which sentence is right ? He loves dogs best .	'Lin Dan plays for Badminton team of Jiangsu now .'
Who is the last to shorten his new trousers ? young sister	'his elder sister'
People got injured mostly falling objects	'because the power was out in the whole city'
How can we learn about the talk between the author and the mother ? It pleasant .	'It wasted them much time .'
Why did n't the author go to see the doctor for the first week ? Because expected pain would gradually disappear .	'Because she thought it was too cold to step out of her room .'
"By saying "" the Internet is so many things "" , Patricia Greenfield means that computers bring advantages well disadvantages"	'computer technology is hard for people to master'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? He visited many countries .	'He has helped people in need .'
Mom smiled at the end because she amused little white lie	'was impressed that the fish were clean and frozen'
Why did the writer need a locker in the school ? To store large quantity books .	'To carry it back home with his books inside .'
Maggie never prepared anything special for James because never knew coming	'she was too busy looking after her children'
If you apply for the program.you must nationals countries mentioned text	'should have some working experience in a foreign country'
Which is the best title for the passage ? Easy Work More Money	'Frank and His Work'
What can we learn from the story ? When people kind , feel happy .	'Old people are always kind and happy .'
Which sentence is used as figure of speech ? I n't really mean partner snake .	'We all regard Mr. Smith as an important figure in our company .'
Why do you think the tomato must be lattened in the hand first ? To avoid hurting people .	'To make it easy to throw .'
From the beginning , we know that it is important to know way escape fire	'put out a fire in a burning house'
The story of Adele Varens mainly indicates that Mr. Rochester sympathetic	'Mr. Rochester is irresponsible'
"The author says "" I 'm so glad I did "" ( in Para . 2)because experienced rescue whales"	'he enjoyed the beauty of the calm sea'
Which of the following may Piers Steel support ? Complete tasks work step step .	'Give your trusted friend money and ask him to help you finish your tasks .'
The team from the country were in old clothes so the writer 's team looked upon	"""did n't like the city boy"""
"We can infer from the text that the "" Ipod "" generation lives harder life older generations"	"""does n't want to have a full - time job"""
A robot can be used to expand our frontiers when      . intelligence cost beyond question	'it is made as complex as the human brain'
From the passage , we can know that James Dean and Marlon Brando were film stars	'Jeans makers'
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? A Unique Attraction wildlife Lovers	'Charles Darwin as a symbol of Galapagos'
The writer suggests that we should hold back feelings properly	'let others control our feelings'
Mr. Gallagher reminds us that the students in the past and those today like sending text messages today secret skillful way	'like to break rules and have the same means of sending messages'
The writer changed her attitude because found Kelly wonderful person	'she learned Kelly tried hard to lose weight'
Which of the following is NOT traditional to welcome a new year ? 50 DJs ' competing five separate floors .	'Planting trees on the bed of a lake .'
What probably is the Queen 's art of acting at state dinners ? Appearing enjoy meal without actually eating much .	'Eating a piece of turkey and some fruit .'
You can probably eat Chinese , Italian and Arab food Central Park Saturday	'at the front entrance of City Hall'
Which would be the best title for the text ? Accomplishing Big Things Small Stages	"""Approaches to Solving the Rubik 's Cube"""
The author 's son probably spent the night driver 's home	'at his own home'
What might the lady think of her boyfriend after having a meal together at this restaurant ? She thought generous .	'She thought he was the owner of the restaurant .'
Which of the following is TRUE of National Geographic Games ? The games good kids ' mental physical health .	"""It can help parents to control kids ' playtime ."""
Which of the following is TRUE of the Puerta del Sol ? It 's main attraction Madrid .	"""It 's the name of the apartment ."""
The Greenbelt is in danger because plans build suburbs	'the suburban area has doubled'
The passage mainly tells us something about Tomato Festival	'Seafood Festival'
Young people need calcium and iron build healthy strong bodies	'to help change their eating habits'
"Which would be the best title for this passage ? "" Spiderman "" Saved Boy"	"""A Boy 's Love of Spiderman"""
The author went to a Red Gross clinic when he ( or she ) arrived in Beijing five years ago because author wanted continue give blood free	'the author wanted to sell blood'
Which can be a suitable title for the passage ? Going Crazy Charity !	'Competing in Unusual Events !'
Which of the following is True according to   the passage ? Her son like talk friends .	'Her son likes English and he is good at English .'
The first thing to remember in study is that you must    enjoy learning	'study hard'
The text is mainly about telling story picture	'expressing feeling through pictures'
Hattie is considered to be a hero by the author in that honorable , hardworking happy person	'she was a caring lady who helped many students finish college'
Why did Lisa feel worried during the trip to the United States ? Because n't speak English well .	"""Because she did n't like to meet different people ."""
We can learn from the passage that writer quite optimistic future agriculture	'everyone can afford to enjoy organic food at will'
Johnny changed his English grade with the computer in house	'the school office'
At first when receiving the message for help , Sean n't believe	'called the police at once'
When the program was over , the students wrote research reports	'paid for their research'
The old woman gave the little boy the biggest smile little boy hugged	'after the little boy went home'
Memory loss occurs number reasons	"""from Alzheimer 's disease and nothing else"""
Mr. Ezenwa was taken to the prison for a night because suspected possessing drugs	"""he could n't find his way back home"""
The purpose of Weekend Miracles is mainly to help children find family willing raise	'get chances to communicate with other children'
Which of the four magazines is the most suitable for a 4-year - old child ? Ladybug .	'American Girl .'
According to the organizers of Wild Network , there will be many advantages from the campaign except teaching children make full use spare time	'keeping touch with nature'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Heart - shaped Pancakes	'Lost and Found Ring'
What is the best title of the passage ? One kind Happiness .	'The beautiful flowers .'
According to the passage , the new technology is facing the following problems except that   . government wo n't support technology	'the size of the batteries is too big at present'
What does Millan advise children to do when it comes to choosing a job ? Do interests .	'Share their ideas with many other people .'
If you want to go to Princeton University in New Jersey from Manhattan , you use means	'must drive across a bridge'
What do we know from the passage ? Yanez Martin 's initial tests proved successful .	'The new generator is better at creating energy than a comparable bladed one .'
When people greet , they show nothing related words	"""want to know other people 's privacy"""
The function of the last sentence is to reflect writer 's attitude	'show the disadvantages of nuclear power'
Unlike the town Basingstoke ,   Swindon is a place that seems unpleasant people	'has few people living there'
On the author 's wedding anniversary , must make important choice	'he is likely to take his wife to eat out'
What do we know about the writer 's father according to this passage ? He get well others .	'He told the writer to reveal her true opinions .'
Who made the first clock which could tell the time at sea ? Harrison	'Flamsteed'
What did Dr. Jemison 's experiments focus on ? Human body .	'Space satellites .'
What do we know about Sir Ludwig Guttmann from the passage ? He welcomed British government	'He is an early organizer of the games for the able - bodied'
Watson refused to eat meat love animals	'because keeping animals needs lots of resources'
According to Munafo 's research , the anger and violent behavior in some youths resulted from misunderstanding facial emotions others	'their inborn tendency toward violence or aggression'
"The city man said "" Hello , farmer "" because lost way wished farmer would show way"	'he saw an old man in the country'
What is the feature of Munro 's stories ? They complicated   contents .	'They have similar story backgrounds .'
Which of the following is NOT true about their new home ? It close old home .	'It was good farmland .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Iceland began turn water fuel	'Iceland becoming a country without oil'
What would be best title of the passage ? Overcoming fear heights .	'Jumping from a plane'
In regards to walking to school , modern parents seem much concerned with the safety kids	"""kids ' physical strength"""
Which one of the following will be the best tide for the text ? A couple finished 4,900-mile walk across America	'An old couple reached the Pacific Ocean'
People read newspapers in order to find morning news	'read the short stories'
Where did Coyote go after his fur turned blue ? To hill .	'To the lake .'
Which topic will Tom probably choose if he shows interest in biology ? Magical Microbes .	'Super Material for Sports .'
Which of the following is the driver of the economic growth in Africa ? The benefits financial crisis	'The development of business industry'
Where can you see this short passage ? In section ads website .	'In a book shop .'
The author first danced with Dar when still teens	'Dar returned from the South Pacific'
According to the passage , to build a good relationship with your neighbors , you should try give helping hand	"""give them a good job if they 're out of work"""
What really killed Mrs. Mallard ? The shock losing coming freedom .	'The joy of seeing her husband coming back alive .'
Mr. Jackson threw the snake away probably because fridge door open	'he wanted to get a better photo'
What can we learn from the text ? String theory built Hawking 's idea .	"""Hawking 's theory was proved years ago ."""
Why did Jobs resign as CEO of Apple according to the letter ? He felt could longer meet responsibilities CEO .	'He would like to be Chairman of the Board rather than CEO .'
Follow the family tradition , the author    She wrote notes father .	"""She hid some notes upstairs under her father 's pillow ."""
In London , what do the policemen often do during their work - time nowadays ? Show visitors right way city	'Tell others the time'
Many governments in the world resist limiting emissions because unwilling accept higher energy costs	"""they do n't realize the risks of carbon emissions"""
""" Guimi "" refers to honest female friends"	'any female friends'
The write seems to think important talk strangers	'he can talk with strangers freely .'
With the money he got , at first Hobbs idea	'decided to give up his work in the factory'
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Good manners important .	"""People with bad manners ca n't live well ."""
How old is Mr . Black 's daughter ? She 's thirteen .	"""She 's a student ."""
What is the main idea of this article ? Anna tells Kitty something family 's new flat .	"""Anna 's mother is teaching her Moroccan food ."""
According to the article , in the future , 3-D printing technology will probably change way people make products	'take the place of normal printers and save lots of energy'
When did the writer realize the danger for late night cyclists without lights ? Not became driver .	'Not until she had driven a car for 20 years .'
As is mentioned above , which factor mainly results in students ' myopia in South East Asia ? The shortage outdoor light .	'Genetic faults of the people .'
The passage may be written by an experienced life coach	'clothes maker'
One who wants to get into a university in the UK make application Internet	'must have a good reason to study abroad'
The writer holds that people seldom turn bright ideas reality	'have bright ideas'
What can be the best title for the text ? Honey - Lover 's Helper	'Wax and Honey'
Why does Tess pay the visit to the d'Urbervilles ? To make known relationship seek help .	"""To see Alec 's mother ."""
In comparison with Westerners , Easterners are likely to     examine eyes attentively	'read facial expressions more correctly'
In 1884 , George Eastman changed photography by inventing a new kind of film	'camera'
From the text we know that Coco    lives apart macaws	'is the last known hyacinth macaw'
Why did Jonathan Anderson believe that the negative effects of the end of Beijing Olympics 2008 on the entire country are n't important ? The Chinese economy developed certain level negative effects ca n't affect much .	"""Jonathan Anderson liked China very much so he did n't want China to go worse ."""
What has the greatest influence on people 's rankings in the survey according to the passage ? Their worry today .	'Their understanding of the presidents .'
Which of the following statements about Sandy is WRONG ? It would move Canada Tuesday night .	'It would bring another rain to the eastern Great Lakes'
We learn that the first great step toward the practice of agriculture is discovery certain grasses could harvested replanted	'the development of a system of names for plants'
The aunt failed to save the boy because     fire fierce	'she delayed phoning the fire department'
Why did the author decide to join in the marathon ? Because encouraged dead friend 's words .	'Because she wanted to prove the doctors were wrong .'
Simple living includes sharing housing others	'enjoying a colorful night life'
"The word "" perpetrators "" is mean offender"	'Chinese'
If a person wants to be popular , he or she has to polite friendly	'get away arguing with other people'
Where does Mingming play with Wangwang ? Mike 's home .	'in the English Corner'
The author wrote this passage in order to tell us voluntary experience Thailand	'encourage more people to travel in Thailand'
Which is the best title for the passage ? A Ten - year - old Heroine	'Tilly Smith in the Tsunami'
In this passage Payne tried to say man road probably murderer	'tell why his wife was killed that night'
It can be learned from the passage that one keep work - life balance	'watermelon is the healthiest fruit'
Why could n't the writer join the Student Union ? Some girls n't choose .	"""Her teachers did n't like her ."""
Which is TRUE about the weekends in America ? The weekends different times .	'They still see movies without sound now .'
What was the purpose of Edinburgh Festival at the beginning ? To bring Europe together .	'To introduce young theatre groups .'
Which is the most important when making the move easier for children ? Offering much information possible .	'Promising to choose a new house with them .'
Which is the only statement generally agreed on by scientists studying dogs ? They first animal kept pets	'They evolved from wolves found in Europe'
What is conveyed in the passage ? Curiosity important human beings .	"""Curiosity changes people 's attitude towards science ."""
Where will the Football World Cup 2018 be held ? In Russia .	'In England .'
Nancy asks Sheila to dinner	'go to a big red house'
Which of the following is NOT true ? American girls love white .	'Zhang Xin is now in China .'
"In the last sentence , the word "" juggle "" probably means play"	'hold'
In addition to job losses . What stands in the way of unhappy couples getting a divorce ? Falling housing prices	'Mounting family debts'
The woman walked to Tom because needed take train	'she had no money to buy a ticket'
What can we learn from the text ? The Hatches would like neighbors follow example	'Sandy Van Weelden got a legacy form the Hatches'
How can you contact Harcourt Learning Direct ? By sending E - mail .	'By sending a letter not later than today .'
The author decided to stop dieting weight dropped 95 pounds	'after her friends told her to stop dieting'
Why did the young woman turn to her mother ? She would like resign life .	'She was to have words with her mother .'
What present did the writer get from the homeless man ? A heartfelt hug .	'A birthday cake .'
According to the passage , slow reading contributes understanding among people	'provides people with a quiet environment'
What led the author to his further exploration of words ? A sense achievement .	'The deep interest in word formation .'
Waterworks came to the town vacation	'to visit Charlie'
According to the passage , what is the reason for the rise of global temperatures ? The emissions greenhouse gases .	'The rise of sea level .'
According to Aradhna Tripathi , one of the causes of the obesity problems is Indians ' attitude   towards eating	"""Indians ' attitude towards obesity ."""
How much love for Poland remained in the prince when he stood trial ? As much ever felt .	"""The passage does n't suggest an answer to the question ."""
The author mainly wants to tell us less switch , better	'it takes longer for us to become a great thinker'
Why did religious theatres become less important as the Middle Ages came to an end ? The church important .	'The stories of religious theatres were outdated .'
The players in Team Five and Team One will take part in the basketball match	'school trip'
The purpose of the tour is to show people newspaper made	'encourage people to read a newspaper'
What did Brian do after winning the first prize ? He went working hard .	'He began to understand Ken .'
Canine Companions for Independence is a place for ordinary dogs coached	'people to donate money or legacy'
What do we know about Smith ? He silly man believed God	'He was a lucky man who believed in God'
The writer refers to Thomas Edison to put forward topic text	'show the way to success'
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Putting things alphabetically may lead unintentional unfairness .	'People with surnames beginning with N to Z are often misunderstood .'
What is the main idea of the passage ? It mainly reports recent unique case sleepwalking .	'It analyzes what sleepwalking is and its effects on people .'
Which of the following is the key to the success in product sales ? The way promote goods .	'The team to produce a good product .'
Lilian could get a higher education when she was old because reason n't mentioned passage	'she borrowed money from the bank'
Why did the headmaster challenge his students to take part in digital detox ? Because hoped transfer children 's attention something meaningful .	'Because he wanted to encourage his students to have a good knowledge of computer .'
What 's the purpose of Safe Driving Scholarship ? To warn people text driving .	'To teach people how to drive .'
Why are some people less attractive to mosquitoes ? Because ratio natural mosquito repellent much higher	'Because their sweat contains a particular chemical .'
When the judge heard that his cow had died , he changed said first	'said nothing'
Chen Yang Skips some courses because teaching style needs much improvement	'his school is more student - centered'
What keeps you healthy ? Healthy food sports .	'Healthy food .'
The text is meant to introduce new type watch	'compare the phone with the watch'
The test of Starship robots shows that robot delivery cheaper human delivery	'the robot delivery is appreciated in big cities'
What is the best title for the passage ? Country Life Charms Inner - city Teens	"""An Introduction to Feilden 's Farm"""
From the passage , we know Frank McCourt 's father is irresponsible gifted telling stories	'poor but warm - hearted'
How does the writer feed the bird ? The bird comes eat food hand .	'He throws some food to the bird .'
What is the passage mainly about ? The outline    The Adventure Huckleberry Finn .	'The reason why Mark Twain wrote the story .'
In the author 's opinion , one of the best ways to relax is probably reading books beach	'learning a new skill'
Joe 's songs are very attractive because    . feelings added songs	'Turest - Swartz wrote the songs'
Which of the following is TRUE about Dustin 's teacher ? She inexperienced job .	"""She does n't like Dustin ."""
Mrs Lee goes on talking for so long because    likes talking	'Linda had not told her that she has arrived'
When did Malala become a symbol for girls ' rights ? During long recovery shot .	'Before Taliban wanted to kill her .'
The power of words lies in fact associate things world ideas minds .	'the fact that once word is connected with another'
Travelers have to pay additional fees when they want to change dearer route	'change travel date'
"From the example of many Japanese , we can learn that enjoy touring "" Golden Week "" consists several holidays"	'they enjoy staying at home unless they have enough time and money'
What would be the best title for the passage ? In Crisis , Become As One	"""Do n't Believe The Doctor"""
On June 9th , the students can have a basketball match	'school trip'
What does Lea Bresell think of the present bike traffic on the main Noerrebrogade thoroughfare ? It crowded unpleasant	'Bike paths are not made full use of'
People would stop feeling uneasy when realizing that the children they 're talking to attend stage school	'have got some work to do'
What is unique about the Salt palace hotel ? What made	'The price of the rooms .'
"By saying "" No man is an island "" , John Donne really means ca n't separated"	'poems can keep people close'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned by the writer ? Make friends students popular .	'Be nice to other people at school .'
Which of the following greatly influenced Lu Xun 's writing according to the passage ? experiences early life	'working as a teacher in Beijing'
What is the main idea of this passage ? Life limited love forever .	"""The writer felt sad because he could n't stay with his dad any more ."""
According to the advertisement , sometimes visitors to the museum experience record set	'may set a world record of their own'
Which is the best title of the passage ? British women 's waistlines grown	'The English have a less healthy lifestyle'
It can be concluded from the survey that people in different parts of Britain spend different amounts time effort house cleaning	'have different views on house cleaning'
Why can Satellite Home offer the best view around itself ? Because one side house made glass .	'Because viewers can stand on its door near the top of the house .'
What will the author most probably become in the future ? An editor .	'A book seller .'
Why do n't they speak to each other ? Because big fight .	'Because Mr. Smith is ill .'
What can we infer from the scientists ' finding twenty years ago ? There safe level Chromium VI exposure .	'Chromium VI surroundings help surgeons have more casual life .'
What are new students probably worried about ? The learning tasks .	'The way they deal with teachers .'
Why are some mental aerobic exercises designed to engage people in multitasking ? To make productive .	'To help them perform daily tasks more easily .'
A company 's efforts to keep expenses low and profits high may result in reduction number employees	'fewer disputes between labor and management'
According to the research of Pace 's team , which of the following contributes to fresh air in US subways ? The movement trains .	'Air conditioners on the trains .'
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Students tended earn money college expenses America .	'The author did well in making good friends in the school .'
Among many of the problems in the service industry , talked about in this passage , is keep good employees leaving	"""how to ensure his employees ' high pay"""
A thirty - day forecast is determined by examining upper air levels	'daily weather maps'
Which of the following is TRUE ? Jack nine classes day .	"""Jack does n't like his school day ."""
According to the passage , rural people are not as welldressed as urban citizens mainly because busy work	'they live a poorer life'
Why say that the Descendants of the Sun is no ordinary South Korean drama ? It broke previous Korean old story .	'Because actors know and show clearly what they want and what they hate .'
The other travelers expected the old man to     get back diamond ring	'find a fish bone'
German universities are popular among US students mainly because     . cost living affordable	'the students can get their degrees easily'
Which of the following about the portable lung would the author agree ? It display	'It can help a lot in lung transplants'
According to the passage , why is it exciting to begin college life ? Because prepare future career life ..	'Because professors there will provide you with many new ideas .'
The main purpose of the passage is to tell you build website	'how to meet people online'
According to the passage , a metaphor is a comparison two different objects similar features	'description of two similar objects in a poetic way'
What does the lady want the shops to do ? To sell healthier foods .	'To serve meals with less fat .'
What 'S the author 'S purpose in writing the text ? To state waste disposal problem Maldives .	'To attract more tourists to the Maldives .'
If you want to enter Seattle International Film Festival , you have to make film 10 minutes length	'make a film with end titles'
We can learn from the beginning of the passage that     author lost sight car crash .	"""the author would n't love life if the disaster did n't happen ."""
Compared with the Nanjing camp , the Hangzhou camp pays higher salary	'has longer working hours'
Which of the following statements about the writer is not TRUE ? She shows positive attitude relationship others .	"'She does n\'t think highly of her friends by saying "" They are good "" .'"
The writer tells his readers that he prefers New York streets	'London streets'
Where are adders to be found ? On wild land throughout Britain .	'In many parts of Britain and Ireland .'
What should people do to avoid the repetitive stress when they playing computer ? Changing way sit .	'Using the hand muscles in a new way .'
The letter was written to the editor to ask for support Chinese factories	'the plastic bottles from the readers'
What can we know about the author 's father ? He usually encouraged kids .	'He seldom looked for the best .'
When Sarah got the camera , worked well	"""the light meter does n't work well"""
Why was the new type of pineapple selling well ? It rich nutrition tasted nice .	'It was developed by Del Monte .'
60 . The purpose of DailyBurn is to help people healthy life	'help people find ways to lose weight'
About American classroom rules , which is NOT right ? If n't understand question , ca n't ask teacher repeat (   ) .	"""Ask the teacher for leave ( ) because you 're seriously ill ."""
The woman driving the expensive car failed stop policeman writing ticket	'was surprised that the policeman did not know the mayor'
After Temple got married to Charles Black , might begun political life	'she ended her film career on screen'
What do you learn form Dr. Listman ? Children play paintball guns everywhere .	'Every eye injury from paintballs will finally lead to blindness .'
According to the passage , it can be concluded that when the writer was in London . rained every day	'he spent most of time with an old lady'
The story mainly tells us three kids ' spirit	'how to make litmus paper'
Which of the following about Dick is TRUE ? He always happy helpful .	'He could dance very well .'
""" The honeymoon stage "" here refers to period excitement"	'the stage of adaptation'
After breakfast , Mike often    plays violin	'plays baseball'
According to the text , Steven , Spielberg got seven children total	'believed hard work led to his success'
When a person was accused of a crime , his future would mainly depend on luck	'the princess'
Little Joey clever enough	'understood what the teacher said'
The best title for this text may be Secret Santa Kansas City	'A Kind Waiter in the Restaurant'
The man comes to the restaurant good meal	'to eat an ice cream'
The author 's purpose is to tell results national drivers ' test	'prove that men are better drivers than women'
Rosalyn Schanzer took thousands of pictures in order to provide materials new book	'find out what interested young Darwin'
This study was made by     . Dr. Kraut experts	'Dr. Kraut only'
According to the article , what does the band Four Square hope to do in the future ? Perform many different places .	'Perform at the school picnic every year .'
The jeweler could n't find the man anywhere because He got $ 20,00 cheating run away money	"""He would n't show up until the jeweler called him a second time"""
Compared with traditional manufacturing procedures , 3-D printing advantage meeting personal needs	'relies less heavily on the use of 3-D scanners'
Why did n't Lynne pay the check for the writer ? Because thought natural people pay check .	"""Because she did n't have enough money with her ."""
What did the man find when he showed his cave to the old man ? A chest filled jewels gold .	'All kinds of treasure .'
Xiao Ming   is playing in front of    people 's	"""the old woman 's"""
This passage is about    Lincoln 's favorite story	"""Lincoln 's favorite penknife"""
What 's the function of the first passage ? To come question discussion .	'To advise us to make friends in different way .'
The passage centers around rights citizens	'the importance of warrants'
The family created an ant farm in a glass box because it was easy boy watch	'for the ants to live in'
Which of the following is true ? Sadness wanted stay alone .	'Richness had a small boat .'
The ear scanning system would help to find out 	'who shares your ear shape'
From the text we know that earlier risers associated positive feelings	'are healthier than other people'
What do you know about Hasbro Electronic Catch Phrase ? It toy play phrase competitions others .	'It is machine which can teach you English phrases .'
Mr . Kenel tells us while driving in multilane traffic better us drive outside lanes	'it is safer to drive in the middle'
In the writer 's opinion , education should suitable aspects adult , including employment	"""centre on student ' working ability"""
In writing the text , the author expressed love grandma	'her desire to collect more salt cellars'
According to the passage , where might the stress come from ? All .	'The place we live and the lifestyles we choose .'
What is the best title for the story ? Going Home	'The Old Oak Tree'
From the report we can infer His No 17 jersey sells well shops New York online .	'Lin has dated with Emma Stone and Vanessa Hudgens .'
How did the school district help the researchers carry out the study ? By giving basic information .	'By analyzing the data of fitness tests .'
"How can we "" Lend a Helping Tongue "" to the story tellers , according to the writer ? Give chance finish ."	'Go on telling the story for them .'
Why does Mei Qiyue dislike staying in her dorm ? Because thinks roommates always look .	'Because the condition of her dorm is very poor .'
John and his wife went to evening classes to learn how to make repair things	'save time and money'
According to the passage , science teachers should focus learning process	'abandon frequent science examinations'
What would be the best title for the text ? Great women .	'Ways to success for women .'
Why was beancurd considered to be liked by the poor ? It 's cheap .	"""It 's good for health ."""
Why does n't Auggie want to go to school at first ? Because worries students laugh .	'Because he is too young to go to school .'
What would be the best title for the text ? Invite enemies lunch	"""Richard Branson 's success story"""
What was the most important reason for why Oprah hated her job reporting the news ? She n't like standing around talking .	'She was asked to change her name and shave her hair off .'
"The sentence "" Now it makes people sitting next to you feel absent "" means that modern technology makes hard people face - - face talk"	'the people sitting beside you have to go away to receive a phone call'
What 's the best title for this passage ? A Special Sled Hockey Player	'A Best Sled Hockey Team'
We can infer from the passage that Jane Austen had a gift for    holding readers ' interest	'reflecting her own life in all her novels'
What does the writer intend to tell us through the passage ? With help others , get fear nervousness .	'Instruction and training are necessary in parachute jumping .'
The author has discovered that people will feel happy when offer help	"""they feel others ' kindness"""
Why was Lee sent to America ? His family : feared getting much trouble Hong Kong .	'He wanted to develop a new American fighting style .'
What do we know about Jake ?       He liked playing Grand Theft Auto III .	'He wanted to be a police officer .'
This story mainly wants to tell us good exam results really need studying hard	'tossing a coin can not always decide the result'
Which of the following number is NOT true of the pop concert mentioned in the passage ? 1.5million people watched TV .	'People in more than 140 countries watched it on TV'
When might people have to go back to using horses and carriages ? When run oil .	"""When there are n't any big trees in the world ."""
We can learn from the passage that the United States Capitol Dome is worn exposed weather	'surrounded by many repair projects'
What is the passage mainly about ? The author 's learning experience London .	'The friends the author made while in London .'
What does the story of Jeanne Calment prove to us ? People live 122 .	'Women live longer than men .'
The machine told the Indian woman little heavier	'to eat what she wanted to eat'
"Ivory is known as "" white gold "" because extremely valuable"	'it is as rare as white gold'
We can learn from the passage that one 's inability speak culturally determined sometimes	'communication breakdown results from short pauses and fast pacing'
Which of the following is Not the disadvantage of keeping elephants in zoos ? Less attention .	'Shorter life expectancy .'
One of the ways we could help prevent crime is to look people behaving suspiciously	'inform the police if we hear noises upstairs'
According to the passage , why do the students in the other universities admire the students at Renmin University ? Because get spring break .	'Because they tend to do volunteer work .'
What 's the use of Simon West 's animated road signs ? To warn people careful working .	'To warn people on the roads of the danger ahead .'
According to the passage , big trees make great contributions to the ecosystem because provide essentials many creatures .	'they can capture large amounts of energy .'
The reason why people remove graffiti is that it makes buildings ugly	'robs private property'
Why does Gold think people should not use cellphones at table ? Because may prevent people communicating companions .	"""Because it can get a 5-percent discount on the customers ' bills ."""
If you visit Meiji Jingu , you can     know Japanese history	'try different kinds of snacks .'
The dissolving of salt in water is physical change	'a chemical change'
When you want to learn more about the flu , you can call HealthLine 1800 848 1313	'visit www . mydr . com . Au'
Which of the following may best betray    a liar ? The situations lies told .	"'"" The mouth cover "" gesture .'"
According to the passage , people communicate with each other mainly by passage n't tell us	'using body language'
Which of the following can be used as the best title for the passage ? A Thief 's Lucky Day	'A Stubborn Professor'
The best title for the passage would be The Government Is Wasting Our Tax Dollars !	'How to Prevent Government from Wasting Money !'
According to the writer , in an aptitude testing , Chinese job applicants should learn tell really think	'try to find out what the examiner really want to know'
The passage is mainly about love couple	'patience of a husband'
The proper title for News 2 would be Two pilots killed plane crashes US	'Who is to blame for the plane crashes ?'
Dr. Sinar took a gap year because he wanted refresh 26 years ' work	'had lost his old job'
Which phrase from the passage shows the writer 's prejudice ? tiny little hick town	'reading the recipes in the magazine'
Wichita State University offers flexible pay future assistant professor	'a part time and assistant professor job'
The passage mentions Shanghai in order to prove background movie touched viewers	'tell us that Chinese were suffering the War then .'
It seems surprising that Santa Fe becomes famous because    small place	'musicians there are form the best orchestras'
Which is the best title for the passage ? Jefferson Jockey	"""Jefferson 's Interest"""
What purpose did Amy have when she began making Comfort Capes for sick children ? To make happy fearless .	"""To raise the awareness of children 's illness ."""
Mark Twain left school at 12 to     join army	'write stories'
The NFC technology can be used to make purchase faster simpler	'improve the quality of cell phones'
What 's the main idea of the text ? How adjust first year college .	'How schools help freshmen to get used to college life .'
According to the passage , only kids in Africa know how to make drum	'play camp games'
According to the writer , E - mail has an obvious advantage over the telephone because the former helps one reach group people one time conveniently	"""get in touch with one 's friends faster than the later"""
What made the author begin to take college as a home ? Friends ' shared feelings .	'Decorating her dorm like a home .'
Which of the following might be the best title for the text ? An authority English gentlemen	'A charming upper class character'
The following organizations may advertise to make money except LADIES OF ChARITY OF AUSTIN	'U.S.POSTAL SERVICE'
Very few species depend entirely on genetic learning because environments change time	'each generation has its own way of learning'
According to the passage , paper is not used for food drinks	'writing paper'
What mistake did the husband make after checking into the hotel ? He misspelled wife 's address	'He checked into a wrong hotel'
We know from the text that the author seriously ill	'lives far away from the gym'
Yao Ming said that playing NBA difficult	'it was hard to watch NBA games on TV'
The writer of the reading thinks good answers always coming think outside box	'everyone chooses the easiest question to answer .'
The writer presents many details of the note intended for Rose to show that true love permanent whatever happens	'sending roses is the best way to express love'
We can conclude from the passage that Robert failure managing farms success art	'earned a lot of money by publishing his poems'
If people want to do their work better , they should exercise often	'play ping - pong often'
What will Megan do next week ? Help cook dinner .	'Go to an animal shelter .'
What can we learn from the passage ? The former name Larlovy Vary Carlsbad .	'Spa treatments are not so popular as before .'
What is the passage mainly about ? Three people 's summer vacations .	'Good habits about going for a vacation .'
From the passage , we can see twin sister	'she wears a yellow bow on her right ear'
What would be the best title for this passage ? Being Merciful Toward Others	'Excusing Our Own Faults'
The writer quoted the Chinese tale of a farmer in order to show sit home waiting opportunity come	'bad luck can turn into good'
You may not get angry when favorite basketball team wins game	'a friend breaks your favorite thing'
The world plan mentioned in the passage aims at helping illiterate people learn functional reading writing	'asking African countries to take the lead in attacking illiteracy'
According to the passage , Michael Jackson loved performing school	'fell in love with music at the age of 11'
From this passage , we can learn that Harry 's success comes dream amd working hard	"""Harry 's father and wife were both interested in making money"""
Why did people line up at the railway station ? To exchange money .	'To visit a coin show .'
According to the new standardized dress code , students in the US are allowed to wear knee - length pants	'shirts without sleeves'
Emma received advanced education at home because universities men time	'her father did not trust the schools'
Why can small pieces of space junk threaten satellites ? They travel high speed .	'They are difficult to track by satellites .'
Why did n't they return the toy at last ? Because broken .	'Because the clerk at the shop refused to accept it .'
If you are a student of University of Greenwich , which flat would you better rent ? Flat B	'Flat C'
Which can be the best title for the text ? A Priceless Mother 's Day Gift	'A Considerate Mother'
On Tuesday , Nicholas saved searcher	'got stuck in the snow'
Compared with volunteer divers , coralbots stay longer underwater	'can distinguish what is coral'
"From the passage we can learn that "" Peacock "" publicly shown spring , 2005"	'is the film for which Gu is likely to win an Oscar prize'
Northern spotted owls are in danger mainly because of another kind owl	'the destruction of the forests'
The following things will be likely to happen in the hot weather EXCEPT blood body become less less	"""that the body 's ability to cool down is weakened"""
The passage is mainly about school	'a child'
What might happen next according to the story ? Susan would play happily little animals .	'The writer would play together with Susan .'
From the passage , in the picture children drew many things except pictures football stars	'people playing football'
Which of the following contributes to the emergence of musical prodigies according to the passage ? natural gift .	'extensive knowledge of music .'
To have a trip during New Year vacation ,     . n't take everything granted	'you must pay visits to vacation destinations'
Which is the best title   of the passage ? Saving Paper	'The history of Paper'
What does the author think about Tom Thumb 's wedding ? It helped people cheer dark time	'Tom and Lavinia were stupid .'
What are stored in this museum ? Paintings drawn means computer .	'Drawings done by art students of FIU .'
Which of the following would the author probably agree with ? Violence art share blame killing America .	'Gun control is the only solution to violence in America .'
Why did the wife suggest having a dinner out ? Because given prize excellent work .	'Because they missed the atmosphere in the superior restaurant .'
The passage is mainly about deal unexpected things life	'how to deal with unhappy things in life'
What can be the best title of the passage ? What Distance Our Relationships	'Technology and Excitement'
From the passage , we can conclude that American youth usually think advice old people worth considering	'have a good understanding of the old'
What do we know about Jack and the author 's grandfather ? Jack jealous author 's grandfather .	'They came from Italy and lived together .'
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? You required arrive 15 minutes earlier	'You should ask your co - workers about your duties .'
This passage was written by college student	'a physically - deformed man'
Tom thought cartoon would soon finished supper	'his mother cooked super too late'
When a person gets too warm , he begins to sweat in order to give heat quickly	'make the skin soft and loose'
Peter and Alan like birds	"""do n't like birds"""
Tickets to Sea Life Melbourne Aquarium rare checked entrance	'can be printed at the ticket office'
Which is one of the problems about medical care in Cameroon ? Many people poor pay treatment .	'Doctors generally have too poor medical skills .'
If you do not use your arms or legs for some time , become weak wo n't become strong use	'they will become weak but they slowly become strong again'
When the young lady found the old woman was a man , she thought good idea got danger .	'drove the car to the police station'
The best title of the passage might be Book Clubs USA	'Reading Clubs for Children'
"The word""school""in this passage means group fish traveling together"	'a place for training dolphins'
Where can this passage be found ? In Web discussion zone   .	'In a report on the popularity of the Country Bears .'
When he was asked about the most important thing he had done in life at a presentation , the author n't give real answer	"""gave an answer from a lawyer 's point of view"""
What can we learn about Facebook according to the text ? Its process privacy - setting complex .	'It lacks privacy controls and security features .'
Which is the first sentences that the parrot said to the man ? Good morning .	"""That 's was n't interesting ."""
"In the first sentence , the writer used "" only "" to suggest that she thinks fourteen old enough things"	"""does n't want to grow old"""
Paige 's parents got the Christmas tree up on November 1 to let enjoy Christmas early death	'let her enjoy the great time with visitors'
To protect people from suffering from heart attack , doctors have paid much attention to people 's diet lifestyle	"""people 's working time"""
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? Stop start .	'More teenagers become addicted .'
What do we know about Jessie from the passage ? She sent park mother left .	'She lives at the park together with some other foxes .'
The author suggests taking a rickshaw in order to gain unique experience	'help the local rickshaw drivers'
A Mediterranean diet reduced heart attacks and premature deaths thanks to canola oil	'olive oil'
Why did the man feel nervous ? He worried others would know secret .	"""He did n't know where the black bag was ."""
Dr. Bombard lived on sea water , fish small plants	'sea water'
From the author 's opinion , gangs lead to the following problems in schools Except appearance robbery	'pressure to blow off school work and exam'
The best title for the passage would probably be Tips How Manage Stress	'Stress Is Good or Not'
"Which of the following can replace "" chef "" ? cook"	'star'
We can conclude that Jim guest Greens	'prefers ITV to the BBC'
In the writer 's opinion , the most helpful thing for these troubled kids was learn give others love care	'to be given enough love and care'
From the story of the author 's parents we can conclude that Suffering better people 's relationship well .	"""Quarrels ca n't be avoided between parents ."""
What qualification is needed to join the Everyday Heroes Club ? Do good deed	'Be active in school activities .'
Why do n't the students go to school by boat ? Because river runs quickly	'the river is too big'
Clara Hayden would agree that in America find public libraries almost everywhere	'restaurants are as important as libraries'
We can learn from the text that different people bear different amounts stress	'stress is always harmful to people'
On July 19th Mars appears change direction	'appears to change its orbit again'
What can we human beings learn from cats and dogs ? We learn live harmony .	'We should learn more body languages .'
Craig often goes to different restaurants because likes trying new things	'he follows the latest celebrity diet'
Which of the following did the boy NOT do for the old man ? Repair sail .	'Drag up the boat .'
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The advantages coming variety cultures make life America colorful .	'They always stick to their own customs and habits .'
During the long summer vacation , American children probably n't care studies	'spend most of the time learning'
The main purpose of the passage is to list today 's standards food nutrition	'introduce what should be eaten and what not'
If women have got higher education get better jobs easily	'they can be paid better than men'
What decides the magazine 's annual fattest list ? Things related unhealthy ways life .	'The number of fast food restaurants .'
According to Professor Handy , the future workforce will fewer full - time workers today	'work on a contract basis'
Why is Pingyao one of the ancient cities ? Because history 2,700 years .	'Because it is a wonderful example of the Chinese Han cities .'
When the writer graduated from high school , made progress studies .	"""he decided he would n't become a writer"""
The author 's duties in the restaurant included taking customers ' orders	'helping people in the kitchen'
What do we know about Rainbow Montessori school ? It stood place 20years .	'It was founded by Dave Rodenborn .'
Both of them are interested in traveling	'watching people play games'
What interested the author most when living in the tiny house ? The happiness simple life .	'The natural living schedule .'
Knaust joined Hilton International as the general manager to open Conrad Doubletree	"""develop the hotel 's restaurant concepts and menus"""
Why is the new ticketless flight introduced ? It helps reduce cost airlines .	'It helps prevent filers from losing their tickets .'
According to the passage all the following statements are true The lighting fixtures hotel get inspiration Renaissance period designs .	'The hotel is regarded as one of the best one in the world .'
What happens to the lanterns at the end of the festival ? They placed water .	'The lanterns are put away to be used next year .'
What did the participants do in the research ? They thought quietly took exercise .	'They did oxygen sport half an hour before thinking .'
Which of the followings is one of the shortcomings of GPS equipment ? It tells driver turn time .	'It gives the driver the overview .'
Ice at the poles willif the earth gets warmer . become water make sea rise	'cover cities like London and Tokyo'
According to the research , the biochar can help against global warming because it can keep carbon soil	'reduce the loss of nutrients in the soil'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned that have led to deadly accidents on Highway 401 ? Drunk driving .	'High speed .'
The situation is more serious today because people travel	"""people do n't   eat health food"""
Author opened the door when he was going to sleep because heard something unusual	'he saw the Santa at the moment'
China has decided to carry out the human spaceflight in 2008 in order to show great achievements whole world	'prove China has become a great developed country like the USA'
"Wen says a new problem in the country is that "" left - behind "" children seldom get together parents"	'can not get any love from their parents'
What conclusion   can we draw from the passage ? Groundwater valuable .	'Groundwater can be quickly replaced by other water once pumped out .'
How long did Jack stay in hospital ? Seven weeks .	'Seven days .'
Why did n't Pan Aiying call the police at first ? Because wanted communicate thief first .	"""Because she thought the police would n't help her ."""
The main purpose of this passage is to argue value death penalty	'argue against the value of the death penalty'
Which is NOT true about Mo Yan 's books ? Most stories happened hometown .	'They are not only novels but also short stories and essays .'
Why is Robert said to be a typical American boy ? He excellent respects .	'He wants to be the first Native American President .'
"Which of the following descriptions of "" Music skins - Vinyl protective covers "" is true ? They skins laptop models ."	"""They do n't have skins for classical musicians ."""
What should top students do in an exam ? Never cheat	"""Look at others ' answers"""
In the modern life , people pay more attention to environmental protection	'planting crops'
It can be inferred from the passage that consumption Taobao.corn may 200 billion yuan year	'one fourth of Chinese citizens have online shopping experience'
Which of the following is NOT suitable for bungee jumping ? The fixed - wing aircraft	'The hot - air balloon'
The Terman Life - Cycle Study is a research program that studies people since childhood .	'pessimistic people over 80 years old .'
Why ca n't the children go to the big cities with their parents ? Because go school hometown .	'Because their parent have no money .'
What do we know about James Kennedy ? He learned author 's sufferings online .	'He offered the author a new house free of charge .'
Craigslist is a website to find information jobs	'hotels to live in'
The reason why she washed pans and dishes without soap is that pigs drink water	'Mama wanted the dishes to shine'
Which kind of hotel can you choose while traveling according to the text ? You choose hotel front desk valuables .	'You can choose a hotel with a lot of housekeepers for valuables .'
The guidepost is for Drivers	'Peter'
While you are using the cell phone , what you should do to lose weight ? Stand walk around .	'Eat an apple .'
Which of the following public policies does Michal Rutkowski call on ? To improve health education .	"""To reduce world 's population ."""
According to the passage , the pretest aims to tell starting level	'arouse your interest in using the book'
Which of the following people is most supposed to choose online schooling ? A government office clerk .	'A primary school student .'
According to the article , which of the following is the most important if a person is to live to the age of 100 ? Having right types genes .	'Taking drugs that prevent ageing .'
Why do you prepare yourself for some Is -- there*-anything*-you*-want -- to - say questions ? To impress employer better get information company well .	'To give the employer more information .'
If you like to paint in a realistic style , you will learn from Christine Fifer	'Rafael Galvez'
Which of the following is NOT the reason why good talkers ask questions ? To make new friends .	'To know how far the conversation can go .'
The effect of smog does n't include . increase people 's income	'more people suffering diseases'
Why does the author tell lies ? She strong desire .	'She can find pleasure in telling a lie .'
After asking somebody a question , it 'll be polite of you to listen reply attentively	'go on asking him more questions'
We can know from the passage that     Wade beginning learn Chinese	'Wade finds it easy to talk in Chinese'
What did the author do besides his studies while in London ? He got know city different cultures .	'He made contact with friends from his home .'
To gain greater benefits of meditation , beginners are advised to practice every day	'spend a long time in practicing it'
What would be the best title for the passage ? A Boy Mission	"""A Special Mother 's Day"""
We learn from the text that before 1805 Americans knew existence Rocky Mountains	'The Rocky Mountains were wholly covered with snow'
According to Monica , practicing improvisation made Elton treat flaws normal things	'avoid doing embarrassing things'
Why was the author being laughed at ? Because always played Lisa .	'Because she lost her friends because of Lisa .'
Why did the writer admire the husband in the beginning when hearing the woman 's talking ? Because n't bothered talkative wife .	'Because he could enjoy art with his wife .'
Stem cells are different from the other ceils in the way that grow different types cell	'they can work in the liver not in the heart'
What is the best title for this article ? The Day I Became Mom	'A Thing Happened 17 Years Ago'
At fitness centers , people many kinds exercise	'exercising is not popular'
What did the 18th birthday mean to the young man ? He make living .	'He had to work in a supermarket .'
Paul and Nick are going to new movie tomorrow	'the new movie this evening'
Why can an eagle fly when there 's a storm ? Because wind lifts .	'Because the storm is not strong enough .'
Who is in Xihu Middle school ? . Mrs. Peterson , Mr. Peterson Mary .	'Mrs. Peterson and Mr. Peterson'
Why did Calvin Coolidge live at the Willard Hotel in those days ? Because former First Lady n't left White House .	'Because the former President was still living in the White House .'
"A "" cash - strapped "" student means one who lacks money"	'prefers to stay at home'
With a college education , the author stopped always seeking wealth	'desired more material things'
We can infer from the text that enough wheelchairs disabled	"""kids ' tickets on Wednesday do n't include beverage"""
In Gade 's opinion , the veterans who receive welfare from the government tend to     . lead miserable unhappy life	'suffer the humiliation of their combat injuries'
What do birthday kids do ? They get birthday certificates .	'They eat birthday cakes .'
Why was Oprah Winfrey famous as a little girl ? Because could read Bible talk lot .	'Because she lived with her grandmother on a farm .'
Kerrin did n't find her purse missing until bus stopped	'the bus started off'
The writer kept silent over this matter probably because worried vendor would take revenge	'the man should know bargaining is a way of life here'
Alec is strongly interested in space life . He may go to The Search Life	'Secret of the Dragon'
"Some people insist that print will not disappear because e - books mainly sort "" light entertainment "" novels ."	'most of the digital readers prefer books about physics .'
Which of the following is NOT the activity of a writing group ? Meet published author .	'Play creativity games .'
Diana asked Vivien and the writer to forgive because realized wrong	"""Vivien and the writer did n't talk to her"""
What would be the best title for the passage ? Benefit Greatness around Us	'Share Your Greatness with People around You'
Why do we say the computer is a useful machine ? Because help us lot	'it can help us to find jobs'
While you are reading , you'd better concentrated quiet	'find a good chair with good lighting'
If you attend more than 80 % of your classes , likely get certificate	'you may be reported to the Student Office'
According to Anderson , before 1970 , Americans had little idea about     environmental problems	'the importance of Earth Day'
The original films that Amazon release may seen home two months released	'will first be shown in Canadian theatres'
The story is written to tell us things fit best	'animals must be looked after well'
We should n't use sprays because chemicals bad nature	"""children do n't like the smell of them"""
Which of the following statements is TURE ? The author taught knowledge various subjects .	'The author found teaching was easier than any jobs .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Unknown Hero Spreads Love Envelopes	'Robin Hood Returns to the City'
"What influence did the author 's experience in the "" Tribal Village "" have on her ? It gave birth belief helping others ."	'It has made her life more comfortable .'
According to the passage , which is TRUE of the flu ? It kill people sometimes .	"""It usually does n't give you fever ."""
If a person is interested in clothes design , he will probably contact email hannanh-bartlett@botmail.co.uk	'info@ bath - bike - workshop . Org.uk'
Why has n't Internet addiction become a big problem in the West ? People choices fun .	'Surfing the Internet is not convenient .'
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Men become conscious body image .	'Role models put great pressure on common people .'
"What can we learn from the passage ? "" Many happy returns""is often used people celebrate birthdays ."	"'"" It \'s not over till the fat lady sings""got its start in 1976 .'"
The Captain asked Jim look man one leg	'to watch the doctor'
Why does the koala spend most of its time sleeping ? To save energy .	'To detoxify eucalyptus leaves .'
The passage is mainly about reduce risk volcanoes	'who can predict the eruption of volcanoes'
OU students use iTunes U service to download educational materials	'download music and movies'
Tyler requested the writer to dress him in red when he died simply because mom could spot easily	'he could find more mates by wearing red .'
Which book has the most pages ? The Giving Tree	'Goodnight Moon'
When you are in the middle of a moving crowd , must stand still sit	'you should push your way out'
According to the passage , what caused Arabia separate from Africa ? Molten rock flowing continental gap .	'The cracking of the crust .'
Why is dancing a good form of exercise for physically disabled children ? It offer chance socialize others .	'It is the most common exercise that they can enjoy with their parents'
The thirty - day forecast is determined by examining upper air levels	'daily weather maps'
The writer was n't satisfied with his secretary because n't put first thing first	"""she could n't finish her work on time"""
We can infer from the passage that the author always offers help people need	'has a better memory than anyone else'
The writer decided to run a marathon because believed able take challenge	'he wanted to raise money for Leukemia research'
How did Wentworth help Lubeck escape ? He used ladder pulled lubeck .	'He went upstairs and took Lubeck out .'
Mark Twain was good at each of the following EXCEPT laughing people without lot money	'writing excellent works'
According to the text , the Illustrators Exhibitions    strengthen relationship illustrators publishers	"""is held by the Bologna Children 's Book Fair"""
The bicycling craze has been a profit for bicycle accessory makers	'people who want to ride like a bat out of hell'
What did Tamar Avnet and Anne - Laure Sellier find in their experiments about clock - timers ? They tend productive .	'They always get their work done in time .'
A call at midnight would mean matter life death	'the matter requires immediate attention'
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Weather Closes Government Offices Second Day	'Another Big Winter Storm Hit the West Coast of the USA'
After giving the performance , the author probably felt comic never easy	'he would make a great comic'
"Why was Grandma unhappy ? She longer "" useful "" person ."	'No one lived with her and looked after her .'
Cities in Africa become bigger and bigger mainly because of their growing population	'rising middle class'
Drivers will not be allowed to drive for some time break rules often	'if they drive too fast'
Pessimism may be positive in some way because it causes people value health highly wealth	'to fully enjoy their present life'
The intended readers of this passage are parents	'children'
What did Jimmy see on the way to the interview ? An old man 's car broke .	'A wild man was pushing a car .'
What 's the best title for the passage ? Pet Care Resort Florida	'How to Take Care of your Pets'
When did the first people come to Hawaii ? About two thousand years ago .	'About twenty - five years ago .'
What did n't they do on the farm ? They rode bikes .	'They enjoyed a big meal around a camp fire .'
At the Kapawi ecolodge , visitors ca n't see many travelers outside	'live in the Achuar reserve'
Kevin Stephan fell to the ground and fainted probably because stood close boy swinging bat	'he swung the bat too hard to keep his balance'
Which of the following is the best title for the text ? A Piano Lesson	'Why I Hated Playing the Piano'
Why does the writer mention the song twice in the passage ? The song expresses feelings .	'The singer is one of her friends .'
What is the best title of the passage ? Let nature nurture .	'Watch the trees more often .'
After meeting Waterworks , Charlie best make happy	'said few words to him'
"The word "" luminous "" means giving light"	'lighted'
We may infer from the passage that London used suffer lot Industrial Revolution	'most painters were attracted and inspired by the fog of London'
Which book do you buy if you want to read about women 's rights ? Women , Race & Class	'Jade'
To avoid lightening in a storm , you 'd better get car return campsite	'run into a campsite picnic shelter at once'
Which of the following is NOT the reason why George started a solar energy company in Tanzania ? Because 's quick way become successful .	"""Because many people do n't have electricity to use in Tanzania ."""
Why did hundreds of workers become sick ? Because weather hot tired .	'Because they had to work long hours .'
What does the writer suggest people do when they are buying an old house ? Check carefully whether lots repairs needed	'Check whether it is a rare house'
The best title of this passage is Choosing job	'Difficulties Facing Young People'
""" Y "" stands for good method"	'hard work'
We can infer from the passage that in order to stay energic , sitting workers need to enjoy work	'discover fatigue toxin'
According to the passage , the writer seemingly intends to appeal us protect environment eating less meat food .	'encourage us to grow more vegetables to reduce greenhouse gases .'
From the passage , we know Loch Ness is the name of lake	'a huge monster'
What leads to the artists ' creative process according to Mason Currey ? Brewing coffee .	'Drinking the coffee .'
According to the passage . The writer worked hard teach children	"""do n't want to work in the school"""
What is the main purpose to send up Tianlian I-02 ? To promote country 's satellite communication network space docking .	'To carry some astronauts into space to do some research .'
The writer thinks that the assistant in a bookshop should disturb customers read	'help the readers to find what they want'
What is the story mainly about ? A pet dog fed expensive food .	'A Maltese dog getting $ 12 million from its owner .'
The author thinks that cultural differences make world colorful	'only exist in food and clothing'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Blind man sees aid son 's tooth	'A unique eye operation'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the text ? Lack fresh food water	'The death of Magellan'
Why are the pictures painted on the wall of some stops ? Because people know culture history Ningbo pictures .	'Because Ningbo is a sea city with active and fast traffic .'
What Kristiana St . John says shows that mother loves unconditionally	'she takes it a happy thing to cheat her mother'
We can lean from the passage that true friends always feel lonely	'can only be found when we are children'
What can we learn about negativity ? Its effect last .	'Its effect is smaller than the effect created by a positive person .'
What color are their eyes and hair ? Their eyes hair black .	'Their eyes are black and their hair is yellow .'
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To encourage people help others .	'To call on people not to give money to a homeless man .'
Where is the center of Sansha city located ? On Yongxing Island .	'In South China Sea .'
The author went outside to destroy the porch because wanted release frustration	"""his wife did n't like it at all"""
Compared to women who consumed fried fish , those who consumed baked fish better figure	'have higher blood pressure'
Why are angry shoppers more likely to choose the first thing they are offered ? They make decisions without much thinking .	'They often forget their past choices .'
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To tell students top ones	'To advise students how to be good persons'
Housewives like dried foods because they quick prepare	'taste better than fresh foods'
Children who start speaking late     often take long time learning listen properly	'probably do not hear enough language spoken around them'
Which of the following ca n't be put in the blank ? Wearing seat - belt	'Driving while tired'
Roadside signs wired to traffic lights are not the best way to create a smooth passage because costly widely used	'they are complex and confusing to drivers'
What 's the best title of the passage ? Changes America 's Golden Dream	'Hard Work Leads to Success'
"According to the passage , the meaning of the word "" boast "" is talk big"	'to have a bath three times a day'
From the story the author wants to tell us see life one 's heart	'to keep learning by reading stories .'
Where does the story happen   ? On bus .	'At a bus stop .'
According to the passage , in the research by the Journal of Hospitality and Tourism Research waitresses could earn more by wearing red T - shirts	'changing the color of T - shirts'
What can be inferred from the above passage about Hoffman ? His family may settled United States .	'He went to the United States to gain his Nobel Prize .'
Why did the author throw her favorite pants to the back of the closet ? Because tight wear .	"""Because her husband did n't like them ."""
The drop of second - hand smoke exposure in recent years laws ban smoking public places	'is because of the rules on low - levels of second - hand smoke'
When you find that you are n't enjoying the book you are reading , you should give	'keep reading it'
What 's the best title for this passage ? Indian Tutors Teach British Kids Online	'Indian Teachers and British Students'
What did the traveler think when he got the stone ? He could live rich life selling stone .	'He could win the heart of the woman .'
Human beings make themselves different from other animals by far greater memory capacity	'having the ability to recognize faces and places on sight'
It can be inferred from the story that the author probably enjoy cookout	'complained her friend to have invited her to such a party'
Nicholas left Grylls a very deep impression because he right things dangerous situation	"""watched Grylls ' TV program regularly"""
What is the relationship between the two players like ? They think friends .	'Lin looks down upon Hidayat .'
If you get the job and take the vacation for ten days , you will paid usual	'be paid with overtime pay'
According to McLaughlin , some traditional stores are keeping customers by providing customers extra services	'inviting customers to try on clothing'
Sultan was the name of dog	'a child'
The author failed to get through in the phone box at his first attempt because n't realize pay phone	"""he did n't have any change with him"""
Why did Simon 's mother come to visit the writer ? Because wanted show gratitude writer .	'Because Simon asked her to do so .'
Evalthus would pay Protagoras court proved taught well	'after the court decided against him'
Why do n't people in Los Angeles give directions in miles ? They often idea distance measured miles .	'They use landmarks in their directions instead of distance .'
What is the challenge of making NPCs in the previous method ? The ethical comcerns immune system refusal	'The difificulties in getting cells from human .'
According to Sanbonmatsu , people multitask because of their    inability concentrate one task	'impulsive desire to try new things'
What do we know about historians ? They usually study great things happened past .	'They are usually presidents of universities .'
The top 10 rivers are fast dying as a result of the following EXCEPT wasting water	'climate change'
According to the text , most channels offered by a digital TV service unsuitable whole family watch together	'are welcomed by families with small children'
The bed behind the door is Wang Fang 's	"""Wang Lei 's"""
What is the major lesson that the author took from the journey ? People learn appreciate life together loved ones .	'Taking a long drive is a great way to celebrate a birthday .'
The mother giraffe puts herself over her child and throws her long leg and kicks her baby because she wants train baby get way	"""does n't want her baby to live with her"""
What would be the best title for the passage ? Disabled Man Living His Dream	"""Do n't Look Down Upon the Disabled"""
What does Amy want to do ? She wants take photos .	'She wants to say hello to the boy and the girl .'
The survey is about     fast food	'Chinese food'
"The "" Silver Dart "" is plane designed McCurdy"	'a plane bought by McCurdy'
Why did the author watch the fireworks on TV ? She n't want get wet cold .	"""She does n't like fireworks very much ."""
The author writes about his experience encourage people acts kindness	'to criticize the person stealing his cars'
Mrs Jones tells Mr Jones about the dress every day because wants Mr Jones buy	'she wants the shop'
Galileo Galilei is mentioned to introduce topic passage	'tell us the history of telescopes'
The author is more touched by children 's real feelings	'gifts'
Why did the writer mention Hillary Clinton and Ruth Reichl ? To show cupcakes becoming popular    show kindness comfort .	'To give readers a general idea of cupcakes .'
What is the author 's attitude towards the cloning technology ? The author really support idea human cloning .	'The author does not support the use of cloning technology .'
The author is obviously challenging the social norm    that slightly improved new products worth buying	'it is important to improve goods and services'
When parents have a talk with their child patiently , she can open heart parents	'focus her attention on the talk'
What do we learn about study - abroad programs from the passage ? They good tools learning cultures .	'They are only found in the study - abroad offices in colleges .'
All the following are talked about in the passage EXCEPT good ways keep healthy	'that safety comes before money'
What is the purpose of the story ? To show negative effects Disney .	'To introduce to you some fairy tales that Disney has remade .'
what is the first important thing to know at a dinner party ? begin eating	'what to eat'
The kings of England came to Bedford Castle seek temporary protection	'to visit the Duke of Bedford'
What is Lydia 's plan about the future according to the text ? She tendency focus around Maths .	"""She does n't have to work hard with her high IQ ."""
According to the research , why do old people forget people 's names easily ? Because stored much information .	'Because they are too old to remember things .'
Which would be the best title for the passage ? Watches ? Not Me !	'Watches -- a Valuable Collection'
Why is it best to eat when we 're active ? Because body burn calories .	'Because eating makes the brain unable to think quickly .'
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? Getting Into Job Market Mobile Phone	'An Electronic Market Place'
Why did the farmer ask his wife to plant potatoes at once ? Because fields dug	'the prison guards were digging the fields'
From the text we can infer that the people who came to the village knew hunt	'lived by the River Avon'
We can learn from the passage that exclamation question marks came Latin	"""ancient Romans did n't use any punctuation marks"""
Why did Ken go out that night ? To buy food	'To ride a bike'
What sports do boys like ? All .	'Football .'
The orange is    like football	'like a gold cup'
The author says the biggest problem is learning get along grown - ups	"""learning how to use one 's head"""
A 3D printer prints layer layer	'can make clothes and people'
The main purpose of studying the records from 1970 to 2003 was to find causes wildfires northern Rocky Mountains region	'find out solutions to forest fires'
According to the author , his index finger on his right hand is almost as long as middle finger right hand	'his middle finger on his left hand'
The US space shuttle Discovery was sent up mainly to repairs	'build a space station .'
Wikipedia is a website for people to work together write kinds useful information different languages	'have a chat with different friends who know little English'
According to the passage , all of the following statements are wrong EXCEPT that far 13 winners whose works written German	'she is the first German writer that has won the Nobel Prize in literature'
What was Selfridges ' most impressive characteristic ? The well - trained sales guides .	'The number of departments .'
What does the passage focus on ? The human influence native plants .	'The development of native plants .'
Mr. Black drove so fast , because n't want late party .	'he was good at driving'
"If you find the""Fasten seatbelts""sign is off , you cail use mobile phone"	'can use the CD or DVD players'
What type of text is this ? A news report .	'A blog .'
We can learn from the advertisement that Xie Tingfeng released CD came back Tokyo	'Sheng Qi is good at traditional Chinese painting'
The sharp contrast mentioned in the passage between Johnson 's dictionary and the Oxford English Dictionary is      . former finished almost single - handed latter product group lexicographers .	"""the former bore the stamp of one man 's personality while the latter that of 25 lexicographers ."""
Form the passage we can learn that the Young Grand Prior Competition will test realistic accidents injuries	'be the highest level competition in the country'
What can we learn about Mapungubwe ? It largest kingdom South Africa .	'It was set up in the 14th century .'
The Grandma wanted the boy to adopt a dog so that life could easier	'the dog could be taken good care of'
If you are traveling alone , you are advised to     . sit back taxi	'sit upstairs on a double - decker bus'
What is the bad thing about the car ? . There many cars road .	"""You need n't go to a station ."""
"Why does Maria want to have a "" Remember the Good Times "" party ? Because friends going graduate soon ."	"""Because she wo n't have any more birthday parties ."""
On Larry 's first night in the film , n't know unusual nightlife beforehand	'a Roman general plays many jokes on a cowboy'
In this passage Lucy mainly expresses her gratitude Chinese family	'preference for the Chinese food'
The passage mentions   that many people believe that if you do n't eat breakfast , you will lose weight	'not lose weight'
The message the author tries to convey is to learn say	'stop doing many things at a time'
Why did n't Bob go to his dormitory ? Because wall high climb .	'Because the window was shut .'
"What can we know about the word "" whatever "" ? Almost half Americans surveyed disliked ."	"""Old people like it while young people do n't ."""
We can know from the passage that the newspaper editors think the important part of the newspaper is front page	'the sports page'
The man can smoke smoking room	'in the reading room'
What life lesson does this text teach us ? Spending time family .	'Enriching our life with marble games .'
"By mentioning the invention of "" the chip "" , the author means to say that . power science technology beyond imagination"	"""it 's a great challenge to apply new inventions to our life"""
The library has different kinds video films	'only picture books for children'
Why do many Americans wish to go back to the past ? The quality life n't good used .	'Americans could live as they wished to in the past .'
If you choose to work as a kitchen assistant , you must able help prepare food .	'have working experience for a famous company .'
Why did the writer feel proud and excited when asked to cut grass ? He old enough help father .	"""He became important to his father 's business ."""
During the three years after her husband 's death , the writer kept close touch friends neighbors	'just stayed at her home to take care of her house'
Scientists intend to put the bacteria into cattle and sheep prevent sending greenhouse gases	'so that they can make full use of special bacteria'
Why does the writer mention James and Eric at the beginning of the passage ? To introduce topic passage .	'To show us how important it is to learn English .'
The postman went to see the doctor because thought ill	'he was too fat and could not walk quickly'
Hector 's father attended every game cheer Hector	'to direct Hector'
The author 's coach encouraged them to do sit - ups because helps keep stomach power	'it is the basic preparation to play basketball'
Why does Laurie Kobick think other colleges may not follow Harvard ? Because may attract fewer top students he[ore ,	'Because they think the action will harm high education .'
The Town Hall reopened the Fair to attract people move back	'make Grandma happy'
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? The chain love	'A generous lady'
"Which of the following phrases has the same meaning as "" make fun of "" ? Laughing ."	'Looking after .'
According to the passage , what is one disadvantage of skyscrapers that have mirrored walls ? The surrounding air heated .	'Extra air - conditioning equipment is needed .'
Why are bathrooms heated in the ice hotels ? Indoor temperature low .	'Guests ask the hotels to do that .'
The author mentions her budget travel story at the beginning to show budget trips generally like	"""introduce the best trip she 's had over the years"""
What is Han Meimei looking forward to in the clothing show ? Taking photos designers .	'Taking photos of the beautiful clothes .'
What might be the most suitable title for the passage ? Dangers Online ?	'Information Online ?'
From the passage we can infer 1960s , playing basketball n't considered girls ' sport	"""Jewell Chapman 's high school headmaster has already changed his attitude"""
What would be the best title for the passage ? A special Christmas gift	'A strange Christmas tree'
Which is the best title of the passage ? Fast diet	'Eating to stay healthy'
A Frenchman signed to the waiter ask food	'to bring him a cup of coffee'
Both of the Kings work hard	'work every day'
It can be inferred from the passage that Mo Yan pen name .	'many people in China showed their respect for Mo Yan by letters .'
In which country is whale hunting permitted at the moment ? Japan .	'South Korea .'
The writer wanted to resign because wanted engaged new media industry .	'he got underpaid at his job for the Globe .'
Michelle went to Tennessee High School to give advice graduates	'visit her old school'
The boys wanted to go to the place again tomorrow because     lot fish	'there was a mark on the side of the boat'
The scientists did their study at the 20 crossroads in order to record samples	'find more pedestrians'
The woman told her son to buy a pair of shoes because something wrong	"""she did n't know what kind he needed"""
"Which of the following shows the "" all - that - you - possibly - can "" philosophy ? We try best ."	'One should think of what will happen in the future .'
The passage mainly talks about superstorm Sandy 's destruction America	"""New York 's extensive transit system"""
Peter could n't answer the teacher 's question because n't listen teacher carefully	'he was thinking about eating oranges'
The reason why the writer dislikes going on holidays is that tired making preparations much holidays	"""he feels embarrassed when other people are having fun but he is n't"""
What upset Melanie during the National Championships ? She made mistake part race .	"""She realized she could n't cycle as fast as she thought ."""
Which of the following is NOT among the three most important things for girls ? Teachers .	'Family .'
What did Sam and the writer do at the big market ? They ate Chinese fried noodles .	'They found some crazy signs about T - shirts'
Which is NOT mentioned in the article ? The problems caused dog keeping .	"""People 's attitude to wards animals ."""
It was difficult for Mr. King to stand because crowded bus	'he got on the bus too late'
60 . If you want to take your children and pets with you on holiday , you can choose Willapark Manor Hotel .	'The Bay Hotel .'
Why is it best to book now ? There may rooms left .	'All of the rooms are empty now .'
Bram Stoker set his novel in Transylvania because read stories vampires area	'Transylvania is a mythical country'
Danny Nicholson holds the view that 3D may affordable schools	'is more practical than 2D models'
What 's important for the red crab to reproduce their young ? The movement moon .	'The number of the crabs .'
They did a lot during the travel except build house recycled plastic bottles	'communicate with local children'
From the text , the reader can find out activities available holiday village	'the best time of year to visit the holiday village'
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Side - - Side Living Style America	'Home for the People'
The ancient Olympic Games stopped because games much violence	'a war broke out between the Greeks and the Romans'
"By mentioning the origin of the word "" lost "" , Textual Healing implies that PC ought n't trapped present situation"	'PC had better try to avoid going someplace new'
Why ca n't the northern half of the earth escape for long ? Because light heat form sun reach earth .	'Because people there can not live at the temperature of zero .'
In the afternoons the woman walked three miles to her husband 's work place to wait husband	'meet the beautiful lady'
Why did Bob ask to do a special weather report ? Because wanted warn people coming storm .	'Because he realized that his job was actually very important .'
When the writer says that the worst situations will occur in the hottest parts of the world or in backward areas , he is referring to the fact that in these parts population growth greatest .	'standards of building are low .'
Which of the following was created by the Irish ? Guinness	'Love for drink .'
According to the survey , pink shirt men earn money colors	'prefer to go to work by car with their co - workers'
The text is written mainly    call us use time smart manner	'to tell us about the relativity and the power of time'
What is the main purpose of the article ? To warn people driving drinking .	'To explain how policemen test drivers .'
Science fiction is called a literary subgenre because shares characteristics types prose fiction	'it is not important enough to be a literary genre'
The price of the knives was cut down by half because knives ordered large quantities directly factory	'the factory workers worked 24 hours a day'
What can we learn from the passage ? Pixar writer 's dog .	"""Pixar does n't like playing outside ."""
Why was he forced to leave his native place according to this passage ? No one knows certain	'Because he left for London to become famous'
Where do the parents spend most of their daytime ? At workplace .	'At home .'
The cycle of the seasons means accept changes life	'leaves turn yellow in autumn'
The passage is intended to convince people helping others	'praise Bill and Melinda Gates for their kindness'
What should be kept in mind when disciplining a kid ? Be fair stick principle .	'Use different forms of punishment each time .'
The program helps the students in the following ways except reduce reading difficulties	'help them learn better'
According to the supporters , the plan should involve young people England	'help increase the sales of tickets'
What in fact was Elizabeth 's great effort in the medical school ? To struggle position women .	'To realize her idea of being a doctor .'
Which of the following advantages of the modern buildings is not mentioned in the passage ?     [ ] installation IT infrastructure	'maximum comfort and space'
What did they see when they stopped with some other cars ? A leopard	'A large herd of elephants'
The writer was not happy on Christmas Eve 1881 because could n't Christmas gift wanted	"""it was the beginning of a new year and he did n't want to grow up"""
What has made the food popular in Shanxi ? It good health strange name .	'It was invented a long time ago by an artist .'
Bill Gates went to the ExCel Centre to watch a game between Ariel Hsing and Li Xiaoxia	'Warren Buffett'
"Which of the following is TRUE about American black bears ? Their way "" hibernating "" unique ."	'They are regarded as the smallest bear in the world .'
What is TRUE about Deborah Duffey ? She injured knee trying block player .	"""She did n't play on the court after the injury ."""
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the above passage ? Temperature major consideration choosing storage place .	'Seeds to be collected there were produced ten thousands years ago .'
"What does the writer thinks about people telling "" white lies "" about their cell phones ? It basically good way protect one 's privacy ."	"""We should feel guilty when we ca n't tell the truth ."""
In my old neighborhood , children played together late evening	'lived in a zoo with a lot of farm animals'
The brothers constructed a number of kites in order to improve design plane 's wings	'prove that building a flying machine was possible'
The boy 's father allowed the boy to drive the car to Mijas because would take car serviced nearby garage	'he promised not to spend too much time at the movie theatre .'
Which of the following is TRUE ? She goes school bike .	'Her parents gave her 30 yuan to buy books .'
The nice talking machine could    weigh talk people	'tell people what they should eat'
Your reading purpose should be understand meaning	'to understand all the words'
What did Dick do the next morning when he found the bridge was damaged ? He decided swim across river .	'He went back to the temple'
Which of the following is NOT the reason why many people stop dieting very soon ? Reflections see mirror .	'The pressure they put on themselves to lose weight quickly .'
Before class begins , Jane usually talks friends	'looks at the dogs in the window'
Which suggestion is made for reducing oil tankers according to the passage ? We develop new technologies cut oil use .	'Countries should build more oil pipelines under the sea .'
Thomas Jefferson 's opinion about the library was that books subjects	'it should buy books on law'
Where does Sue drive past ? A hospital .	'A post office .'
It can be inferred from the passage that author felt lucky play film	"""the author 's friends encouraged him to act in films"""
Why did Rhubarb bark on a hot night ? A thief broke house .	'The doors were unlocked .'
Which of the following can best describe the third part of the ant philosophy ? Always stay positive .	'Always think summer .'
To save time on the Internet , people seldom use capital letters punctuation	'many people only use the capital or punctuation'
Giving children an allowance can mostly help them get financial knowledge	'learn to plan for the future'
From this passage , we can conclude that John Denver 's family n't want leave college	'he moved to Los Angeles with his parents'
What is the Real Networks ' new way of stopping Microsoft ? By releasing free source - code .	'By severe competition with Microsoft .'
The new SAT could be more difficult for international students because different cultural backgrounds	'they often perform badly in college'
What does a registry cleaner means ? A software remove unnecessary files	'a software which makes your PC down .'
At Tsavo National Park , Zoe has been taught adjust life wild	'sent to a group of adult elephants to be protected'
What 's the best title of the passage ? Melody Roads Japan	'A Musical Road Surface'
Before he left the room , the student probably believed passed exam	'thought five drops of medicine would cure the patient'
Peter is often late for school because likes watching TV	"""he does n't like to go to school"""
This passage is mostly about human behavioral use space	'the life of Edward T. Hall'
Which of the following is true ? The writer thinks difficult give 1ove lot .	"""The writer did n't let Meghan give her much - loved doll ."""
Which of the following is not true about the iPad ? It keyboard mouse .	'People can read e - books with it .'
According to the passage , what 's the effect of losing collagen ? It lead wrinkles older people .	'It will cause people to gain weight .'
The owner gives the name of his street food stand according to food sells	'the shape of the food'
The two pens are pencil box	"""on the teacher 's desk"""
At the first half of the match , score	'Class Two got score'
Kristi Holl mentions her experience mainly to promote writing program	'show she sold more stories than articles'
Which might be the best title for the passage ? The Nobel Prizes	'Alfred Nobel'
What the Bangladesh military officer said reminded the writer that working blessing	'one should find a job that he liked'
If a dog causes a car accident and gets killed , who should pay for the damage done to the car ? The owner dog .	'The owner of the car .'
From the text we know that tracking stations have the duty to serve worldwide radio network	'help flying ships move around the earth'
After the earthcluake , you should    look injuries	'protect yourself without wearing shoes'
"The best title of the passage is ""   Let 's Run Rain"	'A Mom and Her Girl'
From the passage , we can learn that farm n't bring writer 's family enough money	"""people who have no job do n't like helping others"""
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? The author 's father left home twelve .	"""The author 's mother wo n't hear a word about her father ."""
What might be the best title for the passage ? A Great Hero Me	'A Girl in Need of Help'
The author thinks that fundraising helps develop children 's character	"""builds up the children 's bodies"""
Why some teachers do not identify themselves ? Because     want ensure security	'they are forbidden to write something through blogs'
The author keeps in touch with Yalies to ask offer help	'ask them to work for the Red Cross'
Generally speaking , a child likes biting nails	'sucking thumbs'
Where will Jack , a volunteer , receive the training before he is sent to work in Malawi ? In preparation program Denmark	'In an exchange student center in Africa'
We can learn from the passage that Malala cares situation home country	'is now attending school in Pakistan'
After he found Ellen dead ,   Payne sat beside wife 's body without knowing	'tried to find out who killed his wife'
The text is intended to introduce research program human 's brain	'tell us about a breakthrough in medical research'
According to the passage , whether we go to a place or not depends on associates ' recommendation	'business fames'
When you make a mistake , you are closer to success	'time'
Her mother likes Chinese food because she China	'can do Chinese food'
What 's the color of blue moon ? golden	'blue'
According to the passage , Houdini 's success in prison escapes depends on unusual ability skeleton key	'his magic tricks and supernatural powers'
Which film is about the life of a real person ? Cinderella Man	'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Success easy , neglect	'Everything is easy to do'
From the text we know the new technique for powering electronic devices uses radio waves create power .	'has replaced conventional batteries .'
Why did the rabbit want a game of Tug - of - War ? He wanted get respect elephant whale .	"""He wanted to prove he was n't the tiniest animal ."""
From the text we can infer that author 's mother bad impression fiance	'the author had helped the daughter of the garage keeper before'
What 's the relationship between Alex and Figueroa ? They workmates .	"""Figueroa is Alex 's boss ."""
What is the basic reason for the low academic achievement of highly intelligent children ? Too much emphasis intelligent .	'Studying topics outside the regular subjects .'
Which of the following can be the best title of this passage ? Happiness Honorable Actions	'Ways of Gaining Self - respect'
The beautiful girl wanted to ask her parents for advice because    n't expect examiner would ask question	"""her parents would be angry if she did n't ask them"""
The coach advised the girl to quit because he thought short realize dream	'she had been good enough to get a scholarship'
""" Mother trees "" are extremely important because they pass nutrition young trees"	"'know more about the complex "" tree societies ""'"
The two pens are    pencil case	"""on the teacher 's desk ."""
What does the writer think of beach volleyball ? It exciting interesting sport .	'It is a sport which needs less power .'
The lesson we draw from the story is that make best	'the way of life is to always live with music'
What did the writer learn from that Christmas ? Helping need makes us feel good .	'Christmas gifts are unimportant for poor people .'
Why do researchers think the still employed deserve sympathy more ? They constantly worry losing job .	'They have no chance to find better jobs .'
The best title of the passage may be Eric,102,Leaves Britain With His Wife	'Eric and Doris King Turner are Packing Their Bags'
What do we learn about Ellie in the passage ? She parents .	'She had no children .'
According to the author , imbalance between biological potential and environ mental resistance has resulted in population explosion	'the growth of natural ecosystem'
If a kid feels ignored in the family , the author suggests that he should talk parents	'fight with his brothers and sisters'
A good crop of strawberries mainly depends on    careful watering feeding	'the number of plants in a pot'
Where does the real power of the words come from ? From association .	'From the words themselves .'
Which of the following attractions may interest those who want to study the military ( of the army ) history of Mexico City ? The Chapultepec Castle .	'The National Museum of Anthropology .'
According to Leo Buscaglia , the four - year - old boy showed concern old man way	'gave the definition of love by saying nothing'
When you walk by the expensive meat , maybe buy	'you will buy diary products'
"The word "" hitchhiking "" means going long way getting free rides people 's car"	'asking a stranger the ways in a car'
"What is the main purpose of the text ? To give brief introduction 87 
 thAcademy Award nominees ."	'To analyze why these films were nominated for the 87 \n thAcademy Awards .'
It can be inferred from the text that What homeless man thought shocked writer	'The homeless man is different from others'
Why are some people against TV ? Because TV viewers completely passive .	'Because TV has both advantages and disadvantages .'
Which of the following can NOT help solve the dropout problem in schools ? Keeping school day .	'Experienced teachers in dealing with such students .'
Where can we most probably read this article ? In report volunteer work .	'In a guidebook to work overseas .'
As a result of the popularity of Universal Studios Hollywood , parks opened	'Carl Laemmle decided to produce films'
We can learn from the passage that    's hard author quit	"""it 's easy for the author to quit"""
Which is the most probable period of time that Discovery was aboard the International Space Station ? Nine days .	'Two weeks and an extra day .'
The people in the office suddenly started working because    boss arrive	'they saw a stranger in the office'
What 's the best title of this passage ? How make effective complaint	"""How to settle a consumer 's complaint"""
We can infer from the passage that mountain biking requires riding common bikes	'kites were the main means of transport in China'
In fact , Tom 's friend was also a witness	'driver'
Your eyes and hands will be safe if often take rest working	'you use a keyboard for a long time'
According to the passage , Operation Smile offers operation unfortunate kids free charge	'helps those unfortunate kids learn how to smile'
Which is the best title for this passage ? A Good Reader His Reading Speed .	'The Best Way of Fast Reading'
In the coming years , if a man beyond the Fourth Ring Road goes to work in the downtown of   Beijing , he is encouraged to take buses subways	'park his car in a place which asks for no fees'
Which of the following might be the author 's opinion about communication ? Just listen .	'Tell your own story .'
"The main idea of the Shanghai World Expo is "" Better City , Better Life ."	'No War in the World .'
The writer took a class at a community college mainly because wanted save money	'summer time was tiring'
Who was Tom Parker ? Elvis ' manager	"""Elvis ' best friend since childhood"""
This passage mainly tells us that people many wrong beliefs eyes sight .	'eyes are very important to people'
The award - winning beach house is quite strong because strengthened steel rods	'it is in the shape of a shell'
The passage mainly talks about school bus safety rules	'what a school bus is like'
"Why are people 's jokes about the author mostly signs of respect ? Because think great "" blind editor "" ."	'Because he is an albino .'
If the passwords of your credit - cards are not properly kept , might suffer great losses	'you will not be able to get back your information'
The park offered people all of these EXCEPT football	'tennis'
What are offered to the participants in the experiment ? information different types cars	'Some different types of cars'
What 's the main idea of the text ? A blanket tells lot Navajo culture .	'The Navajo are good at making things .'
Mr. Jackson wanted to sell his house because n't want live house longer	'his house was too old to live in'
What is the advantage of Europa Pages ? You start sending e - mails .	'You can choose more pen pals from a great number of countries .'
The author 's father stayed at home because boss stopped employing	'he wanted to search for new jobs on line'
The story is about 13 lucky number	'the way people count with their fingers'
What can be learned from Passage 2 ? Friedman studying Great Barrier Reef .	'Friedman is a   leading expert on computer science .'
What Allie reads to the author is suggestion ease homesickness children	'the tips to parents when they depart with their children'
From the passage , we know that the stream_in the end . crossed desert	'failed to reach the ocean'
The passage tell us that we should smile others	'practice smiling every day'
We can learn from the passage that mirror neurons relate human behavior communication	'result in bad behavior and social disorders'
"What does the phrase "" extreme weather "" mean in the story ? Bad weather like floods , drought , landslides happen countries ."	'Temperatures are rising all over the world .'
What is Rita 's problem in this story ? She afraid try something new .	"""She does n't like to be in cool water ."""
Who will probably show interest in The Petit Appetit Cookbook ? A lady 9-month - old baby .	'A healthy mother who likes smiling .'
The policeman runs after the young man because thinks bad man	'the young man is a criminal'
The Qing government send the boys to America because it wanted help country	'wanted the Western to help the boys'
According to the passage , playing music in restaurants is to make customers feel good	'make customers feel powerful'
According to Paragraph 5 , coughing during a heart attack helps keep blood circulating	'to relax the heart'
"The phrase "" watch my figure "" in the sentence "" Do n't tempt me with chocolate ; I am watching my figure . "" means ""   try get fat"	'add the numbers'
In childhood how did the author break away from not liking her looks ? She turned attention studies .	'She attended a school for black people .'
Which of the following enables ostriches to escape from danger in time ? Very good eyesight hearing .	'The ability to fly up into the air'
According to the passage , with rising gas bills , people may turn down or off their heating to save money	'maintain a low BMI level'
What are they doing ? --- They are walking chair	'sitting on a chair'
Why did the writer say that dining table would be$ 20 more expensive on November 30th ?    .Because thought John would certainly add cost dining table .	'Because it was difficult to make dining tables in cold weather .'
"What is the main idea of this letter ? "" La Tomatina""is fun popular festival Spain ."	"'"" La Tomatina""is a day for eating tomatoes .'"
Which of the following can be the best title of this text ? Grandmother 's Cookie Jar	"""Grandmother 's Treat for Children"""
Why does the writer want to have Internet at his place ? Because pressure people age .	'Because of the convenience the Internet will bring .'
Why did Molly sound pleased by her husband 's comment ? She thought meant sofa .	'She agreed about the tree .'
Why did Peter have the idea of a message bottle ? He thought might lose life voyage .	'He hoped to share his experience with his family .'
Which happened first ? Guadalupe left school fourth grade .	'Guadalupe had three children .'
KidZania is unique in that offers kids chances learn working	'it employs many seniors and disabled people'
Mom gave her son the 18-point contracts with the iphone in order to     teach sense responsibility	'let him learn to use new technology'
The auther 's main purpose of writing this passage is to warn readers possible dangers spam	'find out who send out spam'
What do Hadrian 's Wall and Conwy 's Town Walls have in common ? They towers walls .	'They were built in the same age'
"The teacher gave the students who stayed in the classroom "" A""s because believed"	'they were cleverer than the other students'
There are so many festivals that I share many reviews performances online friends South Africa	'I often leave campus for more than few days'
According to the passage , what is Blomberg ? A researcher .	'A specialist in traffic safety .'
What happens to girls named Hazel according to the passage ? Others often make fun .	'They suffer from hurricanes .'
why do the woman and the dog get on the bus ? Because rainy day	'the dog can sit'
What can we learn about Herbert Hoover ? He one American presidents .	"""He was one of Paderewski 's students ."""
We 'll feel comfortable with our height get older	'when we grow taller'
The speaker was caught because black fighting whites	'he killed the three men in a dark street'
Being a wise Internet shopper , you may try clothes nearest store buy online	'select clothes online and buy them at the nearest store'
What would be the best title for the text ? Cycle training lessons adults	'The coming events in the Bristol City'
If you are to enjoy the freedom to go backward or make a phone call without missing anything your are listening , you can turn to Tuneln Radio	'QQ Music'
We can learn from the story that Tom loves mother much	"""does n't like old shoes"""
The best title of this passage is Pants Shorten 30 cm	'High EQ or Low EQ'
There are no visitors at this restaurant because restaurant difficult find	'the restaurant is too small'
What makes demographers begin to wonder about the standard of normal ageing ? People 's growing healthier .	"""People 's living longer ."""
If such unhappy people insist on keeping the habit , the author suggests that people should communication	'persuade them to recognize the bad effects of their habits'
The practice of giving girls ' names to hurricanes was started by author	'local people'
In America men usually walk behind women	'walk ahead of women'
The information about Rose Bengal is wrong EXCEPT that effective treating skin cancer	'it is used to cure skin cancer'
The author felt very uncomfortable during some of the dinners because disliked things brought live table	'she thought the food was not fresh enough'
A chat monitor mentioned in Paragraph 2 is probably person web site give safe online advice	'a software to keep online chatting clean and safe'
What 's the passage mainly about ? Healthy lifestyle   .	'Healthy food .'
What kind of movies make people cry and frightened ? Scary movies .	'Action movies .'
What is the main idea of the text ? More Indonesians use smartphones .	'Feature phones are the only choices in Indonesia .'
What can we infer from the text ? The space trip still preparation .	'SpaceShipTwo will be the first to fly .'
Abraham Lincoln wrote the letter to Johnston mainly to decline request motivate	'recommend him to save money'
The purpose of the text is to introduce British festival	'explain the origins of maypoles'
Why is there a smile on the author 's face in the morning ? Because feels sense achievement	'Because she finishes her favorite exercise'
What caused the author amazed at first ? The sight wood eating leaf .	'The fight for food between mantids and katydids-'
The deserts still threaten the world in the way     increasing unbelievable speed	'of appearing new dry and wet areas in every part of the world'
Li Ting does n't chores weekends	'have meals on weekends'
What was the good news for the lady ? They one seat first class .	'The black man would have to change for another seat .'
The passage is mainly about eating style	'whether you eat a balanced diet'
What is the app used to do ? Warn drivers potholes .	'Tell drivers to avoid red lights .'
What should come first if you want to shop online ?    Safe Internet .	'Good prices'
Different quotes were placed on the bottles to inspire others think positively .	'encourage people to get more bottled water .'
What can we know about Vienna in the past ? Austria developed around city .	'There were some forts in this city .'
Some people are against cloning of humans because they think humans control future human race	'the cloning technology is still not mature'
What does the writer advise people to do ? To cook home .	'To have processed drinks .'
A school bus must go way days	'after other buses'
A typical behavior for seniors to do is that celebrate fourth year jumping lake	'they jog along the picturesque campus'
According to the writer , many Chinese people celebrate Christmas reason	"""because they do n't like Chinese festivals"""
What is Mr . Hayes - Bautista 's opinion about the paradox ? He intends trust cultural factor .	'He thinks health care the most important factor .'
Who wrote a new message ?     The publicist .	'The blind man'
A sundial works by marking shadow cast moving sun	'tracking the movement of the stars around the sun'
According to the author , Charlie Chaplin great influence modern films	'was the only star of his time'
What can we learn about the author 's father ? He seldom talked family .	'He taught the author to play basketball .'
Tom prefers to choose a culture holiday , and he may . visit many historical sites	"""eat at local people 's home"""
If Wendy wants to audition for the role of Nellie Lovett , she needs to able make people laugh	'have a sweet low voice'
Which of the following is NOT true about the happiness classes ? Students made happy .	'Cooking a meal together is a class activity .'
The food of the restaurant healthy	'is served in small amounts'
The story tries to tell us ca n't tell man rich clothes	'cars are expensive'
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The wave destroys sandcastle .	"""The children are sad because they 're not successful"""
What are the two main things the sun gives us ? Heat eggs .	'Light and heat .'
The author shows the development of English language in India from many fields EXCEPT government	'the movie industry'
Where is this passage most probably taken from ? A web advertisement	'A computer advertisement'
Why did Mrs. White go to see a doctor ? Because wanted thinner .	'Because the doctor was her friend .'
What does the author think about team games ? They acceptable different children .	'They should be abandoned at primary school .'
"According to the passage , "" Keep your fork "" , the message may mean "" Do n't discouraged . Everything better ."	'Have you heard the story of a young woman ?'
In order to celebrate Deepavali , we can 	'wear new clothes'
Why did Mr White like to have a girl ? Because elder sister loved .	'Because the girl looked like Mrs White .'
What benefits can nanotechnology bring to us except It help us take control doomsday .	'It can allow us to create more new materials to meet the need of our modern society .'
If a housewife worked outside , she would   . lose content enjoying	'set a comfortable home for her family'
What 's the best title for the article ? Kwashiorkor Improper Eating Habits	'A New Form of Illness in Africa and Latin America'
What is the writer 's advice about taking a taxi in Thailand ? To take taxi going road .	'To bargain with the driver over the price .'
Mabel 's parents did n't agree to marry their daughter to Jim because young man n't rich enough	'the young man worked in a shop'
In the author 's opinion , coffee is blessing ca n't afford	'respect shown for the needy'
If you are having a holiday on Jersey , where would you go for amusement ? St. Helier .	'St. Peter Port .'
Who is the writer ? A girl 's doll .	"""A boy 's doll ."""
The main purpose of the article is to tell students study well	'make parents interested in study'
The writer wants to tell us that regretful tears	'he passed the garden with love'
According to the passage , how would you make it known that you have won a scholarship to Harvard ? Telling parents posting blog .	'Sending everyone a message privately to share it .'
The title of the painting is based on style house	'the man and the woman'
The purpose of writing the passage is introduce advanced education system	'to suggest that students are not studying in the traditional way'
What makes people change their eating habit back to the old tradition in Britain ? Worrying health family problems .	'Worrying about their children .'
Visitors praise the English police because polite helpful	'they wear special helmets'
Why did little Mark Twain move and live in Hannibal ? Because father brought .	'Because he wanted to become a long - term resident of Hannibal .'
According to the passage , the risk of exposing personal information may possibly be caused by practice using public WiFi	'the separate credit card for online shopping'
Children like rainbows because beautiful	'they can find a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow'
The best title is The Early life Shakespeare	"""Shakespeare 's Life in London"""
What is the author 's purpose of writing the passage ? To tell people apologize sincerely .	"'To explain why people ca n\'t say "" I never meant to hurt you "" .'"
What can we learn about Keats according to the passage ? He made film Strange Skies .	'He opened a restaurant for plants .'
The writer used to read all his email because n't much mail	"""he did n't know how to read mail"""
What might be the topic of the new song ? The family one misses	'The danger of being a soldier'
What can be inferred from the passage ? Many ordinary people take hearing granted lose .	'There are many other ways to help the deaf understand others .'
What is the main idea of this passage ? Talking someone helps solve problems .	'Students often have a lot of worries at school'
Before calling , you have to get things ready communication	'choose the right time and place'
Which of the following is true of hybrid courses ? They effective education .	'They emphasize face - to - face interaction .'
"Why did Lady Thatcher get the nickname "" the Iron Lady "" ? Because took strong measures deal crisis ."	'Because she was the first female prime minister in Britain .'
In which column of a newspaper could we find this text ? Sports hobbies .	'Sports review .'
""" Be careful not to scratch the furniture "" most probably means "" Be careful not damage surface"	'remove any marks'
What can be the best title of the passage ? Tell Joe cared	'Northeastern Hospital is closing down'
The old couple did n't get divorced over the forty years because children still young	"""they could n't find a good lawyer to help them"""
What is the main idea of this passage ? We try accept things instead complaining .	"""Chocolate can influence one 's attitude toward things ."""
Why did the author blow the horn ? It habit driving along special route .	'It was for the sake of safety while driving .'
Mary Norton and her husband did n't leave their home because n't want take trouble move	'they had no chance of leaving before Sandy hit the area'
Compared with taxi drivers , Uber drivers enjoy freedom choices	'receive customers reviews directly'
What do children do at Halloween parties ? They tell stories ghosts .	'They play with ghosts .'
From the passage it can be seen that there will be no placebo effect if a patient . dressed white	'takes placebo pills'
From the passage , we can learn that caffeine help people think clearly	"""can improve people 's health"""
What can we know about the bio - inks ? They necessities bio - printing .	'They can be placed in the traditional printers .'
How many times do Sandy 's friends pull on his ear this year ? twenty - one times .	"""It 's a secret ."""
What do you expect the official would do in the end ? Refuse let .	'Help him carry the wire .'
Why did Ms. Mitchell stop working as a reporter according to the passage ? Because injured .	'Because she wanted to write books .'
What are the favorite things sold at the graduation sales ? Secondhand textbooks class notes .	'Classics and secondhand bikes .'
Esophageal cancer is one of the deadliest cancers because hard cure developed	'people are usually addicted to alcohol'
What can visitors do in Bournemouth ? Do sea sports .	'Visit fishing villages .'
Most students ride second - hand bicycles mainly because bicycles convenient cheap	'bicycles are convenient and easy to park'
What ca n't people do with different bank cards ? Get money	'Buy many things'
How did scientists determine the origins of the ancient dogs found in Alaska ? By examine animals ' DNA	'By comparing them with modern dogs'
According to Aubermann , the public bookshelves going well since birth	'will hold more books and take a shorter turnover'
What is the best title for the passage ? The Psychology Change	'Changes That Disturb Us'
The most important way to get rid of the addiction is change one 's behavior well seek professional advice	'use credit card instead of checkbooks'
The tigers are sent to South Africa so that young live wild	'they can live a free life in the wild'
What was the first thief ? A bank worker .	'A computer engineer .'
New and fun - filled entertainment facilities were introduced to Ocean Park before the 21stcentury except Pacific Pier	'Film Fantasia Simulator Ride'
Sound is important for dolphins because of living environment	'their big groups'
"After the "" sunset "" began , the director suddenly put his face in his hands saw everything film moving backwards"	'as the sunrise did not look as beautiful as he had imagined'
What do we know about the Hotel Santo Domingo ? It located shopping area .	'It is a five - star hotel .'
Who can tell you how to make the works of food art ? Sidney Escowitz .	'Leslie Revsin .'
What advice does the author give to college students ? Adopt flexible approach solving problems .	'catch asmany chances as possible to change their jobs .'
What are you advised to say to a depressed person ? I similar experience . And might help .	'I know exactly how you feel .'
What is the best title for the passage ? Love , son .	'A father and his son .'
The neighbor hardly greeted the writer most probably because writer unpleasant experience neighbor long ago	"""the writer did n't thank her for calling the firefighters"""
The author of this passage intends to tell us plan reform NHS UK .	"""the criticism of Mr. Brown 's proposals ."""
The purpose of writing this passage is to expect readers faith	'explain why people have a dream'
Muslims regard green as a symbol of heaven mainly because of their cultural values	'physical reactions to the color1'
According to the author , children 's breaking an arm is natural experience growing	'the effect of their repetitive stress from computers'
Coston ca n't sleep well on Saturday nights because job volunteer firefighter	'he has to work part - time at weekends'
The writer introduced the result of the study by listing ranks cities concerned	'interviewing the taxi drivers'
From the passage we can infer that fathers play important role teenagers ' growth	'talking everything out at once always helps'
When staying with the two girls ' family , the writer worked long hours	'got help from her boss'
Why did the author focus on reading Gavin 's lips ? By could understand Gavin saying .	"""He did n't want to bother Gavin to repeat what he was saying ."""
Which of the following statements is TRUE about the blocks in Rio de Janeiro ? They always wearing costumes special T - shirts themes logos .	'There are no more than 50 blocks today .'
Why is Mr. Smith well known in Washington ? He always makes foolish mistakes social occasions .	"""He 's the Secretary of the Interior ."""
The flying car is presently forbidden to take off because 's hard decide whether 's car plane	'many people think driving it not very safe'
The author mentioned the rule of cleaning up dog mess to show quiet carriages become standard	'noise in carriages is as troubling as dog mess'
What does the passage mainly talk about ? How person useful others .	'How to measure success accurately .'
The text is written for parents	'kids'
The purpose of this notice is tell visitors	'to make people know the area'
All the following factors are a must for making big trees EXCEPT high - latitude location	'ideal environment for growth'
Why has n't Hyderabad lost its historic looks ? Because traditional boulders , gardens lakes remain .	'Because an ancient place still remains there .'
"Which of the following statements about the changes is TRUE ? One particular chapter discusses verbs like "" care , like , love , hate , prefer , wish "" ."	'This edition offers more information about pronouns .'
If you want to take many things with you , you would like to take     car	'a train'
What might have happened to Miss Benson ? She got ill flowers .	"""She gave the flowers to the boy 's mother ."""
The director wanted to film a sunset over the ocean because went well separation hero heroine	'the ocean looked more beautiful at sunset'
The author did n't care about his study until allowance cut half	"""he was in heavy debt he could n't bear"""
What is the disadvantage of the experimental version of the device ? It expensive people afford	"""It will slow down one 's walking speed ."""
.Mineral City is beautiful town	'an old building'
After hearing his colleague 's description of Maria , the writer thought that Maria problem boss	'attempted to settle the issues'
Which of the following may be the good way to help kids sleep better ? Their playing time must limited .	'They are allowed to go to school early .'
How did the author feel about working at Healthy World Cafe ? It beneficial .	'It paid well .'
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Google developed driverless car .	'The Carbot has passed its early testing stages .'
When leaving the observation areas , the vessel should increase speed gradually	'remain at the back of the whales'
Which of the following can be the best title of this passage ? Customer Service America	'Shopping Rules in America'
According to experts in Croatia , how did the bear learn the trick ? By accident .	'By knocking at the door several times .'
The FSC-1 can driven like car flown like airplane	'be flown only like an airplane'
The author writes the passage mainly to share Rahfeal Gordon 's life story	'tell readers to follow Rahfeal Gordon'
What was used in the experiment to cause coughing ? Capsaicin .	'Theobromine .'
Which of the following is right about the EPA ? They set important guidelines help control pollution .	'They designed hybrid cars .'
Mr White n't good rest	"""is n't tired and does n't like to go to bed early"""
The country team arrived so late that time warm	"""the writer 's team were angry"""
The Solar PlugIn Station is used as part of the bid to host the Olympics mainly because 's environmentally friendly	'it brings convenience to electric vehicle users'
The man came to the restaurant find workers restaurant working	'to see how Mary served customers'
What did Murray Lachlan Young do a few years ago ? He poems rock music combined .	'He wrote beautiful music for some famous poems .'
Why were Internet companies in a lot of trouble in the late 1990s ? Competition heavy .	"""They did n't know what to sell ."""
What might be the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To share story Finland 's success education .	'To compare the education systems of Finland and the US .'
What function is n't understood by most people on Facebook ? Setting safety protection .	'Making foreign friends .'
What did the boy 's mother do when she could n't find her son ? She called police husband .	'She searched the town from top to bottom .'
.   . The driver of the bus is teacher	'the school'
According to the text , Kilauea active volcano	'is the youngest volcano in the world'
Why did Dickens study his bird Grip ? Because Dickens wanted base one character novel .	'Because Dickens liked the bird immeasurably .'
To fully develop the low - carbon markets , governments can encourage energy conservation	'develop public resources'
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? Teens Cutting Salt Healthier Adulthood	'Sodium Brings Health Concerns'
"Which of the following can we know about the phrase "" apple - pie order "" ? No one knows sure began ."	'It began in New England .'
After visiting the friends , the author advised husband learn friends	'asked her husband to have every meal with her'
Billy thought blueberries were expensive because hard pick trees	"""there were n't many blueberry trees on the farm"""
According to the passage , which of the following statements about advertisements is NOT true ? Advertising must honest humorous .	'Advertising is directed at large groups of people .'
"When Fiona McFee said "" ---I just hope it loves me . "" What she meant was     I hope bring safe sailing return love ."	'I hope it will save my life when I am in time of danger .'
Which of these statements describes the cookout in the story ? People wore casual clothing .	'People care more about formality .'
The young man untied the string find thinner one bent one side	'in order to let the old man teach him'
Why did the author feel nervous when collecting the afternoon mails ?     She could feel pressure huge debt .	"""She did n't know how to handle money ."""
Most people seem to think that a composer like talk inspiration	'finds it difficult to write music'
As the masters of the New World , Americans use a different cutting method from that in the Old World to show disrespect Mother England	'add a new tradition to those in Mother England'
Which of the following would Daryl Bern most probably agree with ? The return wallet indicate one 's honesty .	'One buys latte out of love of coffee .'
The passage is to attract readers to Explore nature	'Travel around the world'
If you want to watch a football game the best program for you would be     Sports	'TV play'
What did NBC do on Tuesday night to attract more viewers ? To play tapes men 's figure skating .	"'To ask the "" idol "" to go off the air .'"
What might be the best title for the text ? Power Tears	'Why We Cry'
What is the purpose of this text ? To conclude lesson	'To tell an interesting story'
The biggest challenge for most mothers is from emotional demand	'1ow pay for work'
"According to the passage , "" what if reasoning means imagining things could would another situation"	'doing the same thing using several different ways'
Before Iain Douglas - Hamilton left Tanzania for Oxford University , elephants well protected	'elephants often died strangely'
We can infer from the passage that London Skate Event probably supported city government	'draws people of all ages into the sport'
What is the best title of the story ? Pet Toilet	'Kyle and Ernie'
What is the most important lesson the author learned from Suzie 's death ? Be thankful life .	'Talking with a friend can cure your illness .'
What can we learn about TXA from the passage ? It used operations	'It is a patented drug'
The rapid change and growth of TV is due to the contributions of computer technologies	'a new means of transmission'
What did Tim do at the beginning of the story ? He left house quietly .	'He left a note on the freezer .'
What did the little orphan most probably say to the crippled boy 's father ? May I carry back run ?	'Could I be friends with your son ?'
We can learn from the text that Nicholas Winton lot help Jewish children danger	'saved 669 children and their parents'
The author and her husband did n't help the old man at the beginning because worked busily often forget	'they were unwilling to help a man with a dog'
In Walter Murch 's opinion , 3D movies unsuitable people watch	'are more expensive than 2D movies'
Blogs are the place where people go online express freely	'go online to enjoy freedom'
What would the grandson like to do in the future ? To read Bhagavat Geeta .	'To help his grandpa carry water'
What was probably the direct result of Olivetti 's falling behind in electronic technology A period financial problems	'Its agreements with other companies .'
According to the passage , for some moms , the Internet is all of the following EXCEP way learn mother	'a way to talk to others'
What is the main idea behind life - long education ? To allow people chances receive education throughout life .	'To force people to keep in learning new skills throughout their working life .'
The world made it a rule to publish stamps to mark the great world games 3rd White Olympics	'before the 3rd White Olympics'
What does the author say people prefer for their children nowadays ? Things purchased .	'Things that are natural .'
We can learn from the passage that some big companies prefer robots to human workers , because human workers often ask pay	'can work 24 hours a day'
According to the passage , what gets people into the habit of smoking ? Nicotine .	'The cigarette .'
Why did the Smith couple leave the beach ? Their daughter Tilly told leave .	'They knew that the tsunami was coming .'
The purpose of the text is to give advice find job	'show how to prepare for an interview'
FreshDirect severs 600,000 customers in certain states	'New York'
What did the other drivers do when they saw the flashlights ? They waited patience .	'They tried their best to help .'
What will the hospitals do when they need some special blood ? They call Niu help .	"""They will contact Niu 's members ."""
Van Gogh killed himself because of illness	'the poor life'
The best title for the passage might be Life Home Year 2040	'Sensors and Computers'
The robots can do the following EXCEPT helping students homework	'reading books to the students'
An autistic person usually refers to someone who unable communicate others well	'likes reading novels'
If a person does n't follow the instructions while cooking , instructions given	'the computer will keep repeating the instructions'
We can infer that the writer got used life America	'thinks American and Chinese cultures are the same'
In a photography club , kids can learn use cameras	'how to make a lot of friends'
We can infer from the passage that the Home Office Desk is designed protect individual privacy	'totally made of dark walnut wood'
Which of the following do you agree with most ? There would hate fear understanding .	"""A picture of one 's family is helpful in time of trouble ."""
Why did Craig Schum stop his car at the East Hampton Airport ? He save 8 protesting group .	'He noticed a plane crash .'
An Indian could be given the second name by childhood friends	'the chief of the tribe'
What is main idea of the passage ? We n't helpless ; control lives .	'People should try different things in life .'
In the past , Romans thought the sea horse to be kind horse	'the god of the ocean'
When his wife left home , Peter expected to relaxing day without pressure	'watch TV talk show with his children'
The students at the Yale School of Architecture designed and built the house finish required course	'to supply the house for the poor'
The reason why the dog was so scared is that ill - treated	'it was frightened by the boy'
What is the main theme of the novel ? A journey self - discovery .	'Life with foster parents .'
According to the text , a move can be a bad experience for kids because may feel 're forced	'they often feel lonely in a new school'
What should you do in learning English ? Speak English much .	'Be careful not to make any mistakes .'
When one of the strings broke , people thought Itzhak Perlman would change repair violin	'go on playing with the remaining three strings'
From this story , we know father way teach son .	'The boy and his father were rather tired'
If you are an American and worried about your friend travelling in Japan , call 1 -888 -407 -4747 202 647 -5225	'you can look for information on all of the Web sites'
The main idea of the passage is that going university brings two major changes	'students learn how to study in university'
Which is NOT the reason why people like the game ? They confident enough face real world .	'The game can relax people and give them a new experience .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Remarkable Reunion .	'A Boss Helped Flaig'
What makes the author frightened the most ? Leaving comfort zone .	'Going to college .'
Who was wanted by the police ? Neither Jack driver	'The driver in the American car'
Which of the following might be the best title for die text ? Let Your Kids Fail	'Live Without Parents'
"The sentence "" ... he drowned his feeling with food "" means ""   ate lot make feel less lonely"	'he asked for a lot of food from his classmates'
The little bird is not happy because    thinks small , weak useless	'she wants to kill the lion'
Why would the author live to be 110 in dog years ? Because thinks dog treated extremely well .	'Because a Maltese dog lives longer than a human being .'
we can learn from the passage that author youngest child family	'Jackie worked in the hospice as a volunteer .'
What is TRUE of the writer 's eyes ? She became blind one eye fall .	'She was blind in one eye when she was born .'
What do we know about Miss Forsythe ? She young energetic .	'She liked to play games with the students after class .'
What do we know about Tom ? He seriously ill .	"""He was Dr. Epstein 's patient ."""
By the time she was 18 , Lindsay had got more than $ 40,000 by winning prizes raising showing pigs	'trading houses'
Computer fictions are all about romantic people	'the happy lives of heroines and heroes'
Oprah Winfrey succeeded at last chiefly due to hard work spirit giving .	'her hard childhood living with her grandmother .'
What might be the best Title for the best passage ? A Greener Way Deliver Parcels	'New Challenges for the Postal Service'
What is the main idea of the passage ? It 's people 's determination , intelligence personality decide success .	"""It 's important to choose a right career to achieve one 's life goal ."""
The best title of the reading may most probably be Animal Talk	'Mother Dolphin and Baby'
From the passage we can infer that in the office many people n't turn computers using	'using computers is a waste of resource'
According to Mr Dordain , how should they do to reduce costs ? To fewer astronauts sometimes	'To find new uses for the station'
The similarity of the three tours lies in that they all include guide 's service	'bus tours'
The reason why the author 's father said he forgot everything about that day is that wanted comfort son	"""he did n't want to forgive his son"""
What is a Bing user likely to see when looking for travel information ? Ads hotels .	'Ads for delicious food .'
Many people would find it difficult say goodbye	'to share their wishes'
Who are the supposed readers of this passage ? Parents .	'Children .'
"Why did Louis Palmer take so long a journey in a "" solar taxi "" ? To realize dream ."	'To advertise the solar car .'
Which of the following assumptions about early humans is expressed in the passage ? They probably wide knowledge plants .	'They clearly divided knowledge into separate fields'
Why did Leon 's doctor disapprove of his using a prosthesis in his childhood ? To master disabled hand important .	'The original hand could do many tasks .'
In order not to be infected by Ebola , we should avoid eating wild animals like monkeys	'have the clothing of the infected cleaned'
When a typhoon comes , we CANNOT go outside find safer place	'listen to typhoon news'
The boy is surprised because hears screams repeated .	'his father can shout as loud as he does .'
Which of the following can be the best title of this passage ? Talking Plants Friendly Warnings	'Protecting Plants and Clear Information'
Who are the intended readers of the passage ? Students .	'School teachers .'
The marketing concept discussed in the passage is customer - centered approach	'making goods available for purchase'
Which is right ? Jack classes Monday Friday .	'Jack goes to school every day .'
Why do more married couples prefer the Canadian side of Niagara Falls ? It provides better view waterfalls .	'It combines old - fashioned romance with modern attractions .'
Meat - eating plants grow very slowly , probably supply nitrogen cut	"""simply because they ca n't absorb nitrogen from the soil"""
Why did the author interview the patients at Dr Sardjito Hospital ? Because needed medical information paper .	'Because she wanted to learn about the suffering of patients .'
The stranger came back to the store because he wanted to say sorry ask excused	'buy something from the store'
Knapcik keeps Laura 's poem in his pocket treasure daughter 's love value life	'to mourn over the death of officer Jay Brunkella'
According to the passage , Grazy Crayons recycles old , used broken crayons .	'gives New Jersey students some crayons'
Which generation did NOT want to do anything to make the world a better one ? His children 's generation	"""Mr. Ellis ' generation"""
The old man owned small farm , extended wall far away	"""had so large a farm that he could n't cover it in a day"""
Why was Johnny Appleseed so famous ? He collected apple seeds planted apple trees .	'He liked the American people .'
The reason why Mr. Carr felt guilty was that Alfred 's mother appeared polite gentle	'he found Alfred was in fact not wrong'
What can we learn from the passage ? Listening elders ' suggestions help us .	'Mothers know everything in their lives .'
What do n't they have when they have afternoon tea in this passage ? Chicken	'A cup of tea'
The traditional business model is harmful because of all the following EXCEPT that makes growth hard continue	'it consumes natural resources'
Where does Travis Strawderman learn ? At apprentice program .	'In a high school'
The man next to Jack and Mike stands up because baby 's father	'Jack and Mike stand up'
What does the writer want to tell us ? Smile laughter n't mean thing different people .	'Smile and laughter always bring happiness .'
What did the man with a mustache usually do on the bus ? He complained driver n't drive well .	'He complained about the way to the city .'
The passage mainly tells us first experience making bread	'the process of making bread'
What happens when prices go up but salaries remain the same ? People must work longer buy things	'People will save money rather than spend it .'
Many parents once played on the British beach and still happy memories	'want to build their own sandcastles the most splendid on the beach again'
A girl will be frightened if followed stranger long time .	'she feels a hand on her shoulder'
The passage is mainly about causes debris flows	'when and where debris flows occur'
"What does the phrase "" hit the ' off ' button "" refer to ? Turn TV ."	'Switch over the TV channels .'
Where did Han Xiaopeng take China 's first gold on snow ? In Italy .	'In China'
"The headline "" Love is a two - way street "" means learn give receive love"	"""it 's important to love people around us"""
In US many people buy cloned foods tell cloned food	'because FDA approved them'
The young woman was a little unhappy on Mother 's Day because long way mother	"""she did n't know it was Mother 's Day"""
What do we learn from the passage ? No computer store much information human 's brain .	'It is harder to exercise the brain than the muscles'
What is one of the most attractions for the visitors ? The Astro - vision Theatre .	'Science Hall .'
Why did the boy become silent after reading the telegram ? Because sad know father 's death .	'Because he was sorry to miss the practice .'
Can you buy things in the shops at lunch time ? Yes . They n't close lunch .	'No . They close for lunch .'
At first , the writer read in order to forget troubles	'form the habit of reading'
Why does Morioka encourage authors to hold talks ? To make books better understood .	'To introduce his bookstore .'
Which group of people have a slower rate of cognitive decrease ? Those speak one language .	"""Those who do n't often do crossword puzzles ."""
"Here the word "" downpour "" means heavy rainfall"	'the progress of water to the hurricane center'
"How can a man 's mind get into a woman 's body ? wearing special 
 device"	'by transforming his sense of place'
Glenn Doman discovered in his research that brain - damaged children improved then they got right treatment	'were taught to read and understand'
Why does the moon look bright ? Because sun shines .	'Because the stars shine on it .'
According to the passage , what can students do if they do n't get into their first choice of university ? They get practical work experience skills reapply next year .	'They can spend the year writing a better CV .'
The students were surprised for the first time because teacher caught smiling	'the teacher seemed to know everything'
The author 's dog woke her up to tell her that someone knocking door	'her father - in - law called her'
The writer bought a Weight Watchers cookbook so that She could make sure ate healthy	'She could eat more food than the serving size'
Sarah set up the new school website researching websites	'to make her school more famous'
According to the writer , why are teenagers easily influenced by some TV shows ? They 're development period .	'Their celebrity idols appear in many TV shows .'
Why did the author often visit Mr. Myrus wood shop ? She could get sense self - respect .	'She could help Mr. Myrus with his work .'
How did the author feel at the beginning of his experiment ? He constant fear .	'He had a better vision about life .'
Why are so many people deciding to go on with their education ? Because Most believe : education , better jobs	'Most of the Americans enjoy learning something new'
What did the smuggler smuggle all that time ? Trucks .	'Dirt .'
How did the Taiwanese band get the name ? The first letters Selina , Hebe Ella form band name .	'A singing contest gave their idea of the band name .'
What may happen if students chew gum in class ? Students may pay much attention studies .	'Students will fall over in the classroom .'
"What is similarity between "" Share your stress "" and "" Go ahead and cry "" ? They help let feelings ."	'They both need physical movement .'
The means of transport people use in 2050 do not include windmills	'hydrogen -- fuelled cars'
Hurricanes were first named after the date occurred	'place where they began'
Who replied to the students ? Gu Zhenbiao .	'Liu Yan .'
Where is the school library ? It 's front dining hall .	"""It 's behind the dining hall ."""
If a man owns everything , he 'll trouble	'be perfect in every way'
"The word "" laundry "" in the above passage means ""   wash house"	'operating room'
When the telephone rings , Mrs. Jones is shopping	'with Jimmy'
Creole speech comes from English African language	'an African language and an American language'
The author mentions Washington Square because landmark Manhattan	'it is in the center of Greenwich Village'
What does the writer think of online communication ? It extremely useful convenient , may inconvenient even harmful .	'It should replace old - fashioned letters completely .'
What does adoption for older youth really mean It means loved sense belonging .	'It means being taken good care of by others .'
The main idea of the passage is change American family	'the change of the American children'
Why did the third lion run to the man and eat him ? Because could n't hear music .	"""Because he did n't think the music was beautiful ."""
Why did Mami experience culture shock in Japan ? She got used British culture life .	'The Japanese behaviour had changed a lot .'
If you want to know about the history of banking in China , which of the following places should you visit ? Sunrise Prosperity .	'A commercial house .'
In some places of Austria , children sing from door to door for Easter eggs	'Easter bunny'
When the building split into two , the writer and his / her family trapped sixth floor	'were running from the seventh floor to the sixth floor'
We can infer that as a schoolboy , Escoffier might hope to be artist	'a chef'
Your stay on the islands will be most impressive mainly because of closer view animals	"""Darwin 's inspiring trip"""
If you want to get a toy lion to take home , where will you most likely to go ? The Pyramid	'The Nature Park'
Mark Twain spoke in a loud voice because wanted people know man seat	'his friend was deaf'
Jack wanted to get more money to marry wife	'give his aunt nice presents'
The king knew that those with pots of beautiful flowers cheated	'were good at growing flowers'
Who has to pay 400 dollars for his or her illegal act ? A British Woman dumped cat rubbish bin .	'Two Australian men who needed surgery .'
Which of the following is True about David 's final round interview ? David 's preparations interview used .	'David was nervous because the competition was really fierce .'
According to the passage , traveling to the space hotel attracted attention people	'is considered an industry with a huge future by many people'
Who performed parkour in the movie Casino Royale ? Sebastien Foucan .	"""David Belle 's father ."""
The example of the man shows the ability to sense danger happen later	'know about the events happening some distance away'
What can we learn from the story ? Treating thing differently brings different result .	"""You should be brave even thought you 're blind ."""
From the passage , on an adventure trip ,   people may spend much time sightseeing	"""ca n't learn something"""
What can we learn about the author from the passage ? He broke world record running broad jump .	'He had qualified for the finals on his first attempt .'
A. knowledge of the local language allows international business people communicate without outside help	'to have a better idea of their own culture'
China Daily invites us write Expo - related stories English	'to celebrate the 2010 Shanghai World Expo'
According to the author , who need TV most ? The old lonely .	'The children and their parents .'
According to the study , fathers do n't read to their kids mainly because busy work	'they like to play computer games in their free time'
Which of the following can be a title for the passage ? How Stamp Be Worth $ 16,800 ?	'Stamp - collection Calls for Much Money .'
Which of the following is the best title ? Dogs jealous	'Dogs can be angry'
According to the text , Oprah believes one rely solve problems	'calls on women to work full - time jobs'
In the United States , age sixteen marks the time when you can drive get job	'drink wine and smoke'
Through the story , Hemingway wants to show us that keep going spirit life	'a man needs devoted friends in time of misfortune'
After asking somebody a question , you should make clear fit ask next	'go on to ask more questions'
The new policy was issued in order to reduce damage Venice 's enviironment	"""stress the accuracy of Venice 's fame for peace"""
If you want to go to the floor you want , you push right button	'open the door of the lift'
The best title for this passage is Father 's Love	'The gap between the Father and the Son'
Learning kung fu diligently from Master Yip Man , Bruce soon realized that excellent kung fu skills strengthen one 's confidence considerably	"""one ca n't master kung fu skills without much practice"""
What can be inferred from the author 's example of the Norwegian stuntman ? Sometimes accident occur stuntman .	'The cliff is too high .'
What does the author find most exciting about a horse safari ? Being part scene getting close animals .	'Enjoying good food and wine at the camp .'
What 's the main idea of the passage ? How watch birds .	'How to indentify birds .'
The reading is about books organized libraries	'how numbers are organized'
What kind of job applicants do employers look for ? Those received anall - round education .	'Those who are good at solving practical problems .'
Who gives the dogs training at the special school ? A sighted trainer .	'Other blind people .'
When you put up your hand in class , you mean answer question	'you can use sign language'
Which of the following is TRUE according to the author ? Inner qualities important physical appearance .	'It is easier for a wealthy person to make friends .'
Why are you expected to return your key when you leave ? The homestay family stay safe .	'The room can be cleaned easily .'
The author wrote the passage mainly for parents	'young children'
If one wants to learn another language well , he must work hard	'learn at school'
The manager thought of adding chemicals to the fish oil to make it good new oil	'cheaper than the new oil'
The author mentions cell phones at the beginning just to show people fond personal items .	'people manage to speak to two at a time .'
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? The Goat 's Path	'The Greek Allies'
"What is the article mainly about ? How writer got know "" I wish enough "" ."	'How the mother showed love for her daughter .'
When Mary received the life - changing news , she lost control	'began a balanced diet'
You feel tired all day probably because take sleeping pills	'you get up too early in the morning'
How do the shoes know that you should n't eat the breakfast cereal ? By checking nutrition details food .	'By testing the food supplies in the kitchen .'
From the passage , we learn that woman lucky miss flight	'somebody never runs out of good luck'
Which of the following does n't describe black Africans ' music style ? They used instruments guitars , horns , fiddles .	'They used the calling of a melody and answer of a chorus .'
In the UK , women who go on a diet likely gain weight reaching ideal weight	'end up heavier than when they start to diet'
The writer wants to tell us something Hong Kong beaches swimming rules	'that Hong Kong has many best beaches in the world'
What happened in the church basement after the play ' ? The author got know Lena .	'The author played a joke on Lena .'
A typical blues Stanza is made up of three lines .	'four lines .'
What is the main idea of the passage ? American newspapers facing great difficulties .	'American newspapers will have a bright future .'
Hamburger is city Germany	'a round piece of beef'
In the author 's opinion , the value of a person 's life is high sense duty whole society .	'to care what others will remember and treasure'
Who is most likely to spread rumors at work ? The ones least amount power .	'The ones who have good knowledge .'
According to the passage , complex artificial bacteria , which will follow the first simple man - made bacteria , are intended to improve earth 's environment	'prove that the technology can work'
"From the words of   "" It feels like three months ! "" we know that Michael interest learning"	'Michael works very hard at his studies'
What is the message expressed in the passage ? Blood thicker water .	'Each day brings its own bread .'
Where are Mrs. Black and her daughter ? In clothes store .	"""In Jane 's room"""
Sandy likes to buy food supermarket	'in small shops'
What did Jabbar intend to tell Afican - American kids in his book ? Ideas possible .	'Information about their early age .'
Lauren had a large scar on her face because of car accident	'a fight with her sister'
What is the best title for this passage ? Fingerprints Crime Solving	'Researchers and Fingerprint Patterns'
What can we infer about Van Gogh from the passage ? His artworks n't well received lifetime .	'He once worked as a model for painters to make a living .'
How does the author feel about her family ? No one listened seemingly unimportant things .	"""She did n't get along well with her husband and son ."""
Those who attend Auditions and Monologues mainly taught skills future use	'mainly explore the imagination'
The potential readers of the text are high school students	'university students'
According to the text , people often do n't sleep well because much stress	'they often hear heavy music'
The wife became angry suddenly in Joke 1 because husband carrying woman 's name	'her husband made a bet on a horse but lost'
"What can we learn about the news "" straight from the horse 's mouth "" ? The news true reliable ."	'The person who gives the news is called a horse .'
When Uncle Theo 's turn came , repeat speech , word word memory .	"""he felt so angry that he could n't see a word ."""
Why are products from cloning not widely used for feeding ? Because expensive .	'Because cloning attempts often fail .'
In the course of the construction of the bridge misfortune fell chief engineer	'John Augustus Roebling fell ill'
Why do you think the father often shouts at his son ? Perhaps father got used .	'Perhaps the father is getting older and older .'
When Andy pointed to the broken rail , engineer understood boy tried stop train	'the engineer got off the train and repaired it'
Why did the driver of the Firebird suddenly speed down the highway ? Because thought police officer wanted stop .	'Because he realized he had to hurry to the accident scene .'
"By saying "" Sleep tight "" , what does the author mean ? Get good night 's sleep ."	'Go to sleep early every night .'
The passage is mainly written for parents children	'children with bad memories'
Which of the following is n't mentioned in the tips ? Money everything .	'Luck comes from hard work .'
Why did NASA fund the experiment of creating lab meat ? Because wanted solve problem food shortage .	'Because they wanted to see if lab meat was a suitable food for astronauts .'
According to British Gas , the biomethane gas had better be used heating cooking	'to produce the electricity'
Why could n't the young man go to sleep at night ? Because worked hard .	"""Because he did n't finish his lessons ."""
Why was the writer once known as the singing cook ? Because sang guests worked cook .	'Because he was a cook at a country - music club .'
Which is NOT true ? The kid good English .	'The tutor can speak English .'
What contribution did Rock make to the USA besides collecting new plants and specimens ? His hand - drawn map used World War II .	'He traveled through some uncivilized places in China .'
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? The True Value Friendship	'Helping Hand When Needed'
In Tiffany 's view , the first candidate was passed over because he untrustworthy	"""did n't perform as perfectly as the second one"""
Which of the following was NOT a drawback of Sliver 's system ? It laborious process .	'The system was not stable .'
What do we know about the Hayden Planetarium from the passage ? The author got career .	'The author is the teacher of it .'
The story of Rick Garcia is used to introduce topic text	'tell us how to control asthma'
The main purpose of this passage is invite take part competition	'to help to improve your spoken English'
Why do some foreign companies like to set up their plants in Brazil ? They severely punished cause pollution Brazil .	'They can act in an irresponsible   way in Brazil because there are no pollution laws there .'
Fashion designers care little for comfort clothes	"""woman 's interests"""
By studying the rings of dead trees in an area of New Mexico , the scientist found people leave	'how the people left'
What was unexpected to the lady ? They found another seat black man .	'They found a seat for her in club .'
How are the eating habits of the Californians changing ? A full restaurant meal less popular .	'Californian restaurants are becoming less popular .'
Which of the following is wrong ? Lachie Martin travelers Europe holiday Thailand .	'Lachie and Martin both survived from the high waves when tsunami struck .'
Mr . King got up to take medicine	'read the medicine book'
The brown recluse spider and the black widow are mainly different in shape color1	'their aggressive character'
When did the terrorist attack happen ? Three days report came .	'on Sunday night'
The passage is written mainly to introduce Project X program	"""advocate White Oak 'S African Club"""
According to the text , governments prevent obesity for the purpose of making sure people 's long healthy life	"""weakening obesity 's financial impact"""
What 's the purpose of writing the passage ? To introduce US Secret Service us .	'To give us some information about US \n presidents .'
The best title   for this passage is The Weather England	'Summer or Winter'
What does the author intend to do in the passage ? To introduce natural anxiety treatment .	'To analyze the benefits of plants .'
It can be inferred from the passage that to be a volunteer , get something valuable	'you need to work very long'
The writer called his father when he was ill could get help father	"""because he did n't live together with his mother"""
People from which area should take more Vitamin D according to the passage ? African people	'American people'
Why do some people watch Oscars ? To see stars crying laughing .	'To see a film .'
People plant the GM plants because    A C	'they make plants strong against diseases'
Jack is the name of police dog	'a good friend'
The author does n't think it good wearing red sweaters if n't look good red	'the crowd does it'
All the following factors may cause hearing problems EXCEPT using earplugs loud noises	'standing near machinery making a loud noise'
What can be inferred about Pete Rose from the passage ? He set goal best .	'He got all the hits he wanted because of good luck .'
You should start to be outgoing with best friend	'your new friends'
62 . To improve their reading ability , people should special help practice	'try different reading materials'
What do the four people have in common ? They received college education .	'They want to work with people .'
According to the passage , the writer met JoJo beach accident	'was unwilling to help James'
The villagers were told to keep away from the fire mainly because one buildings stored lot paint	'two burning buildings were falling down'
What would be the best title for this passage ?     Machine Make Water Air	'Filter to Draw in Damp Air'
The young man learnt to make shoe tacks because Jones encouraged	'he just wanted to pass his time'
The writer does n't like London because she used life	'prefers to live in an old - fashioned house'
If you enjoy listening to some new music , you can pay a visit to The Sixty One	'Playlist'
What do you think will weaken your ability to concentrate ? Taking much sugar .	"""Getting a good night 's sleep ."""
It was believed that daydreaming waste time mind shut	'was a good way to relax and solve problems'
What can we infer from the passage ? Braggarts make good first impression effect decreases time .	'People who like bragging know what they are doing .'
What can we learn about Queens County Farm Museum ? It open - air museum .	'It is far away from New York City .'
According to the text , living by your own values , you will form positive personality	'fill your own needs'
What made Clemmons think of her kite - lifting idea ? The wings monuments .	'Her job of making kites .'
Students who never use dictionary speak well but write poor , because    They may make mistakes .	"""They ca n't remember words ."""
According to the author , we should do the following EXCEPT believing good things come tireless effort	'having time to get refreshed'
Watchers doubted if any of the vehicles could finish the race because human guidance	'the distance was too long for the vehicles'
According to the report , respondents suffer crisis	'supermarkets do better than super centers'
The crook spent a lot of time inventing a machine to steal words	'write letters'
What causes men and women to behave differently according to the text ? Oxytocin .	'The social status .'
The passage most probably is a business advertisement	'business report'
Which of he following about Dupin 's dropping one of his gloves is NOT true ? He dropped carelessly .	"""He dropped it in order to drop in on D'Arcy again ."""
He looked around for help because he needed change phone call	'wanted to get change from the old soldier'
If the writer set the alarm and remained in the room for more than half a minute , siren would make noise	'the control unit would not work'
"In Mr. Job 's opinion , the iPad "" revolutionary "" product laptop smart phone"	'helps Apple to beat Amazon'
In order to avoid the noise of the city , you would like to travel to Holland park	'The Tower of London'
The disabled children were refused to get on the train because trains n't accessible disabled	"""they could n't afford the train tickets"""
What does this passage mainly talk about ? Taking care skin .	'Your skin .'
According to the writer , Chinese dishes in Britain fewer kinds	'are the same as Western dishes'
What is the most important thing Mr. Leachim can do in his lessons ? To meet needs student .	'To introduce more hobbies to the children .'
When a speaker tries to move people to tears , the tool of persuasion used by him is pathos	'ethos'
The students in the coffee cafe contribute earnings youth program .	'send coffee on the planes for the passengers .'
"When a person is in a "" flow "" state , he / she easily forgets time"	'is guilty about wasting time'
In the writer 's opinion , a Barbie may keep children imaginations	'can attract more attention from children than a cardboard box'
What do they want to do in summer vacation ? They want find jobs .	'They want to play computer games .'
Why was Tod so happy ? Because he Both B C	'He liked to go to the zoo'
What do we learn from the passage ? Getting drunk prevented T attending conference .	"""T 's family members do n't want to see him because of his alcoholism ."""
The best title for this passage is New Verbs Nouns	'New Technology and New words'
Bensmania tested monkeys to prove that the feeling of touch may require making actual contact	'may be a challenge for designers of artificial limbs .'
The author wrote the passage to call us leave tracks virtues life	'tell us how to avoid getting lost in the woods'
Chopin was famous Polish pianist	'a famous Paris pianist'
The best title might probably be keep fit	'live a better life'
To positively influence employees a leader should first of all develop personality	'hide his own emotion of fear'
What is the worst thing about hurricanes ? The terrible effects water .	'Their strong winds .'
What 's Auld Lang Syne about ? It 's old Scottish poet .	"""It 's about the need to remember old friends ."""
Which of the following provides kids ' meals ? Gorilla Grill .	'Safari Cafe .'
City farms are close to the following places EXCEPT     . fast - food restaurants	'working - class community'
Why will less than ten percent of office workers kill the time with their colleagues at weekends ? Because tend avoid many personal contacts n't .	'Because they have many things to deal with at weekends .'
After the final , they may apology professor Bonk	"""would n't be confident in their Chemistry"""
Much of the space junk made small pieces things	'returns to the earth piece by piece'
""" Trying to find a Chinese word in an English dictionary "" is stated to show that adults children different memory patterns"	'memories are in some way connected with languages'
what will the man most probably do after the telephone ? stay home .	'go to the cinema .'
What 's the best title of the passage ? Create life	'Love those around you'
Mary is often late for school . Which reason   is NOT true ? Her mother n't home	"""She ca n't get up on time in the morning"""
Which of the following is n't the result of smaller elephant land ? Seasonal migration .	'Elephant - human conflict .'
During the interview , which of the following is NOT mentioned ? Clothing style .	'Eye contact .'
Andy and Jim think the tall man is thief	"""the short man 's friend ."""
What do we learn about the author ? He enjoys work volunteer .	'He has made friends with the homeless children .'
""" An apple a day can keep away the doctor "" You eat apple day healthy ."	"""You do n't need a doctor ."""
What do we learn from the story ? When people get well , feel happy .	'Old people are always kind and happy'
What was the problem with Jenny 's old bicycle ? It small .	"""Jenny did n't like it ."""
Why did Norman bring a spare bulb with him ? He always well - prepared .	'He predicted the bulb on the projector would blow out .'
Why does the author congratulate his male readers at the beginning of the passage ? They lived long enough read article .	'They are more likely to survive serious diseases today .'
The e - schoolbag has many functions EXCEPT It phone somebody .	'It can send e - mail .'
Cancer Chat is quite different from other forums in that source reliable information	'it provides a huge amount of cancer information'
What does the passage mainly talk about ? My dream playing saxophone .	'The old man and the statue .'
Where can you store your bicycle in Tokyo ? Underground bike parking garages .	'In free bike lockers and racks across the city .'
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? Growth -- Product Process	'Facing New Challenges'
We can learn from the passage that Merits greatly helped Einstein research work	'supported Einstein but helped him little'
Lydia wanted to have an IQ test because felt might high IQ	'ail people around thought that she was smart'
"By saying "" Sure . How about an 87 Lincoln ? "" , the author joking"	'thought his wife would like it'
The monkeys left the basket because farmer politely asked get	'they had thrown apples on the ground'
Why did Milgram do the experiment ? To explore biological basis social behavior .	"""To discover people 's willingness for orders from leaders ."""
What does the passage talk about ? If one gets five million , / ?	'If one builds a big house'
"How did Cinderella get her name ? It came word "" ash "" ."	'It was given by Disney .'
Why do n't schools try to encourage creativity ? They pay much attention examination marks language skills .	'They think it more important to remember some information .'
Child number two got feathers shop	'gave the money to charity'
Susan got her first driver 's license got married Henry	'when she just moved to Maryland'
In his teens , the boy never asked parents luxuries	'never wanted expensive things'
Which of the following is NOT David 's opinion of the internet ? Using internet waste money time .	'The internet is of much help to English learners .'
Helen lives in a big city , where is the best place for her to spend weekends ? An urban artificial beach .	'Underground rivers .'
Which would be the best title for the passage ? Hit - - run Kindness	'Danny Wallace and Join Me'
In people 's eyes , the author 's father nice man	'always tells lies .'
What do we know about Mr. Jones ? He blind neat .	'His room in the nursing home is big .'
Which of the following is TRUE of Indonesia ? It covers 17,500 islands	"""It 's far from the Pacific Ring of Fire"""
People with fair skin and freckles danger skin cancer	'seldom use sunscreen'
If Joe joins the Summer Swim Team , he     practice two months	'needs to practice for 7 days a week'
How did Tim come to know Timothy Sykes ? By visiting website chance .	'By trading stocks with Timothy .'
What can we learn about Steve 's flight in 2002 ? He set speed record balloon flight .	'He was rescued during the trip .'
The passage is mainly about peer influence	'academic pressure'
Why did the boy see nothing for the first time to look around the wise man 's palace ? Because kept eyes spoon time .	'Because the oil was gone .'
From the passage we know bedtime stories Tale Samuel Whiskers	"""shoppers did n't notice the author dancing with her son"""
What do we learn about Tivoli Gardens ? It visited year round .	"""It 's the best theme park in Europe ."""
What does the author intend to show by listing the specific majors his class specialized in ? To show specific education classified .	'To show how terrible his college life was .'
Who leads the afterschool program ? Lori McFail .	'A community center in Virginia .'
How do the scientists work on the terrible windy days ? They use ropes help .	"""They do n't think the wind brings trouble ."""
According to the passage , Eco City Farms are close to the following places EXCEPT fast - food restaurants	'working - class community'
The passage is mainly written for people want improve health	"""people who do n't like running"""
According to the passage , Manchester is popular place	'a big city in the southwest of England'
Why should n't drivers put their dogs in the car while driving ? Dogs may walk around even try escape .	'Dogs may make the inside of the car dirty .'
Which of the following is NOT a possible factor for Chinese students ' unsatisfactory attainment ? They young mostly come poor families .	"""They have n't got necessary support from the UK universities ."""
Which of the following is the best solution to the problem ? Teenagers limit    use electronic products .	'Forbid teenagers to use any electronic product .'
"By saying that clowns "" lost their voices "" , the author means they began perform silently larger audiences"	'discovered that three - ring circuses were becoming more popular'
Today , Hawking works Cambridge University	'works at Oxford University'
The purpose of the passage is to tell readers earthquakes	'the damage caused by earthquakes'
"In the passage , the writer wants to say that the word "" cool "" may cool seems"	'can be used instead of many words'
38 . The primary purpose of the project is to inspire strong desire discovery among students	'help high school students study real - world engineering'
Anne built her cabin at Lily Pad Lake in order to get away increasing numbers tourists	'live in the mountains'
When he lost his way , he wanted to get food water	'bags full of gold'
Someone who spends his money at the drop of a hat most probably    spends earns	"""does n't save money"""
If you find it difficult to start a talk , you can say something nice others around	'tell others you are a shy person'
What 's the writer 's name ? Robert .	'Nathaniel .'
Hans went to London by sea land	'car'
When dealing with people 's bad behavior , you are advised to ignore beyond control	'make people feel ashamed of their bad behavior'
The intended readers of the passage are B C	'job - seekers'
She has given performance in these forms EXCEPT playing piano	'playing the violin'
According to the article , why are women usually fatter in the West ? Large food portions fast food common .	'They believe that being fat is beautiful .'
If the tremor - resistant home falls down , rescue work done quickly accurately	'the intelligent sensor network will stop working'
The newspaper deliveryman put a blank card inside the envelope because used ask Christmas tip	'he was afraid of asking for a tip in person'
Who created Spiderman ? Stan Lee .	'Peter Parker .'
When the teacher 's arm was broken , she gave students usual amount homework	'asked her students to check the homework themselves'
Why did Jessica Fuller want to study for a master 's degree ? Her interest public health .	'She could afford tuition at Erasmus University .'
What did the monster advertise for ? A friend	'A male monster'
As the only child in the family , we share the best things with nobody	'our brothers and sisters'
Mrs. Matthews felt unhappy on the bus because felt old woman	"""the card was n't hers"""
Which of the following will help you a lot in mountainous areas ? Satellite phones .	'E - mail .'
If you are among the taller individuals , you are likely to get higher paying occupations	'be the height of 5 feet 4 inches'
When giving advice about the writing of social activities , the writer stresses position hold club association	'suggests that you write as many activities as possible'
Why did Mr . Lucky hand out his money ? He believed people could use properly .	'He needed people to share his responsibility .'
Mrs Elise bought the writer 's sandwiches because wanted show care writer	"""she liked the tuna fish sand writer 's made by the writer 's mother"""
We can learn from the passage that the author want lose handwriting	'thinks it impossible to teach handwriting'
What led Albert Hofmann to a career in chemistry ? His interest .	'His nature .'
What seems to have a bad effect on students like Tom ? Peer groups .	'The home environment .'
The best title for this passage should be The future urban expansion world	'The limitation of urban expansion'
The author grabbed the cheese bun the moment before he got off because valued kindness pride careful thought	'he thought it a waste to leave the cheese bun there'
The fridge of the smart kitchen has a scanner and it can give warning 's something wrong	"""clean the fridge when it 's dirty"""
Recorded history has taught us nothing .	'violence never solves anything .'
Who might win the Young First Aider of the Year awards ? A child using first aid save father .	'An adult helping the injured with first aid .'
What is this passage mainly about ? Message bottle .	'A beautiful beer bottle .'
When animal lovers knew what Ken was doing , they supported	'brought dogs to him'
It is thought by the public that online communities intended replace normal social function	'can never replace normal social function'
"By saying "" It 's like winning the lottery "" , Dr. Thomas Perls means quite unusual centenarian"	'it is a tough job investigating the aging process'
According to the text , the greenhouse effect appears mainly because of chemicals around Earth	'the plastic bag'
The passage is most probably written to those who baggage selected checking	'refused to check their baggage'
"What is the passage mainly about ? It introduces new wirelessly controlled device called "" microchips "" ."	"'It \'s about how the device called""microchips""works .'"
This passage implies that love , permanent rhythm life , always remain elderly 's heart	'it is impossible to copy the exact doll for the elderly'
We can infer that the author believes that people treated respect	'only your parents and friends can help you'
The passage is mainly about how the writer shaped working parttime college	'made money on the college campus'
Which of the following is wrong ? From Monday Friday , students watch TV morning night .	'Eating more vegetables and fruit is good for their health .'
The followings are all reasons why white collars want to have a rest EXCEPT that      They interest anything	'They have to continue to stay at office after work'
Unwanted objects will fall back to the Earth when made move slowly	'they meet other objects in space'
Which sentence is best to be filled in the blank in the passage ? Listen first trouble reading .	'Great works need to be read out loud .'
Which statement is true ? The child leaves tool shed late afternoon .	"""The searches do n't make any sound when looking for the child ."""
""" Canada "" was first used to refer to     place called Quebec"	'a huge village including Quebec and Stadacona'
Dad was called a Good Samaritan for helping stranger	'taking in the fish'
We can learn from the text that the bulb becoming proud symbol locals livermore	'has never been touched or cleaned in Fire Station No.6'
Why are animals living in mountains , islands and coastal areas most affected ? They little chance moving places .	'They are frequently attacked by invasive species and infectious diseases .'
Which of the following can be used as the title of the news ? Tributes Paid At Home Abroad	"""Thatcher ' Contributions to Her Homeland"""
Which of the following was NOT the benefit got by the author through attending summer school ? It helped get rid bad habits .	'It helped him understand what sacrifice and hard work were .'
How did Pemberton change French Wine Coca formula to make it taste delicious ? He added cola nut oil oils .	'He mixed it with several oils instead of water .'
In this text , the author mainly wants to describe kind culture shock	'her different lifestyles'
According to the writer , baby 's teeth should be protected from the day born	'he has his first tooth'
.What do you think is the theme of the story ? Money n't matter much love marriage	"""Children do n't mind whether they have a poor family or not"""
Why does the writer like this boarding school so much ? Because many opportunities look possible challenges initiatively .	'Because he was promoted to be deputy director and financial director of the company .'
Simon 's mother wanted him to join the army because felt would change behavior .	'he liked the life in the army'
The boy made trouble for his teacher because he made things	'was told not to yell at other children'
Which can be the best title for this story ? To Ask Not Ask	""". Mother 's True Love"""
We can conclude from the passage that the machine replace water distribution system	'will solve the problem of water shortage'
The employer made all those criticisms about Julia Vassiliyevna 's work because     wanted make realize cheated protest .	'he wanted to pay her as little money as possible .'
Where does the driver go on the way to school ? He goes washroom .	'He goes to school .'
All the members work some time every day mainly to find value pleasure work	'learn new skills of farming ;'
What might be the best title for the passage ? Going Green	'Celebrating Our Green Year'
Daniel Burd won first prize at the Canada - Wide Science Fair because found way degrade plastics shorter time	'he could encourage microbes growth in an easier way'
The author disapproves of rebelling teenagers following popularity trend	'growing away from their parents'
Harry had to buy shoes himself because something wrong mother	"""his mother did n't know what kind he needed"""
According to the text , TGA causes people lose part memory	'results in permanent memory loss'
How does chewing gum fight cavities ? By making people produce saliva .	'By adding some more medicines to the gum .'
What do magic words mean to people in some society ? They power magician recites right spells .	'They have the power to kill devils .'
Which of the following expressions is more native ? Tofu	'Bean curd'
From the passage we can learn that China Dream requires everyone 's hard work	'is only a dream of young Chinese students'
The best title for the passage is Love Is All	'Two Lovely Mice'
The newly teaching robots are more advanced because they have    program reacting facial expressions	'a system to help people learn'
The author introduces the topic to be discussed by asking series questions	'listing the benefits of a to - do list'
In order to raise the efficiency of the water supply , measures should be taken to centralize management water resources	'encourage local and regional water resources'
What can we learn from the text ? The kids keep hands clean .	"""The kids ' parents must pay for the supplies ."""
Gorge Washington is first president US	'the president who always borrowed the books without returning them back'
The writer thinks that SMS helps people lot .	'people can find joy on the Internet .'
Lump - of - laborites believe that old leave jobs young	'young citizens should be better paid'
Gavin left Grylls a very deep impression because he right things dangerous situation	"""watched Grylls ' TV program regularly"""
"Which of the following kinds of person can be described as a "" Narcissus "" ? A person loves admires ."	'A person who loves to admire beautiful water flowers .'
When you study a map of the world , you may notice that Greenland mostly lies within Arctic Circle	'is connected with Denmark and Norway'
The Polar Bears like to swim year - round , for find enjoyable interesting	'it is an easy way to keep the body warm in winter'
What greatly affected Declan Galbraith in his early singing career ? Musical traditions Scotland Ireland .	'His great success in Irish traditional songs .'
How does the overuse of cell phones affect teenagers ? It forces teenagers several things time .	"""It breaks teenagers ' connection with former generations ."""
Which of the following is WRONG about tornados ? They carry winds 135 km per hour .	'They are the most violent winds on Earth .'
According to the writer , you naturally show your secret and real personality only when you go sleep	'change sleeping position'
Where can you enjoy a program free of charge ? In bloom .	'Ballet NY .'
One of the prizes for the couple is use apartment free time .	'to have a wedding dress free .'
In his company , what does Ricardo Semler value most ? responsibility	'hard work'
We can learn from the passage that life without friend life without sun	'a friend in need is a friend indeed'
According to the passage , when children do something wrong , one thing that parents usually do to punish them is to hit bottom	'try to help them do the right thing'
Different kinds of people want to learn English different reasons	'for higher studies at colleges'
The writer 's grandfather asked those jobless men to move the stack of firewood because wanted help way	"""he did n't want them to have a meal free of charge"""
The passage mainly talks about importance holding dreams	'the unforgettable development of marigold'
The wrong way to overcome stage fright is perform less watch	'to smile before going to the stage .'
Which sentence is right   ? Mr. Black English teacher .	"""Kathy is Mr. Black 's daughter ."""
Why was the neighbor happy to lend his pot a second time ? Because wanted get .	'Because he had lots of pots .'
What 's the best title for this passage ? A special present .	'A wonderful game .'
What do scholars think should be done about urban sprawl ? Understand situations better .	'Start school in shopping malls .'
How did Tony Tolbert help Felicia Dukes and her family ? He offered house .	'He brought up her oldest child .'
Which is n't right ? ( ? ) Helen n't China .	'Helen and Zhao Na are good friends .'
Which of the following programmes can a visitor have only in New York ? To see Statue Liberty .	'To taste the finest French coqauvin .'
What do we learn about the gap year from the text ? It increasingly popular .	'It is required by universities .'
What happened to the ship Ethie at the beginning of the story ? It ran bad storm .	"""It could n't reach the shore ."""
Which of the following can be put into the blank behind 2 ? Do n't blame one !	'Avoid everyone from that culture !'
Harriet was hit by a heavy weight on her head when      . staying local store	'she was helping a slave run away'
Jessica was able to go to Erasmus University by obtaining loan bank	'getting a scholarship from the university'
Indonesians who smoke regularly ca n't realize harm .	'are seen as anti - social people .'
Before the old man asked the clerk what was the matter , the clerk feeling good	'was trying to find help'
The purpose of the school relocation is leave room new project	'to build a new museum for education'
It is not easy to be a taxi driver in London because know places city serve kinds passengers time	'there is much traffic in London and people there like traveling by taxi'
.. What was her real problem ? She weighed much .	"""The doctor did n't know ."""
Which of the following is NOT true ? The author wrote person son admired .	'The author came to the United States from another country .'
Which of the following can Xiaoice do ? Identify various photos .	'Read news to its users .'
What is the best title for the passage ? Germans Like Reading Books .	'Germans Like Having Parties'
What do we know about Arne Duncan ? He encouraged realize full potential .	'He won prizes for his writings in English class .'
The best title for the news report is U.S Telethon Raises Money Attack Victims	'Best - known names Pledge Donations'
According to the text , why did the author 's father go to Des Moines ? To sell O. Henry story .	'To talk with the O. Henry expert .'
From the passage , we know that the suggestion about drinking eight glasses of water a day misunderstood people fact	'has enough scientific evidence to support it'
The movie Old Boys is a comedy	'sad movie'
In the passage the writer watched many young people flying multicolored kites	'the strong winds blowing against the sky'
In Para.5 , the author emphasized the importance of positive action	'hope for the best'
After Ron joined the army , the writer became aware danger joining army	'decide to join the army one day'
How did the five - year - o1d boy understand the doctor 's plan ? He thought going lose blood .	'He thought he was going to die together with his sister .'
How does eBay make money from its website7 ? By charging sale	'By listing items online'
In forest of ancient India killing game beasts strictly limited	'only few kinds of animals could be killed'
. When does the thief come ? The man asleep .	"""The man is n't at home ."""
A pot noodles lover could be regarded to be lazy	'easy to eat'
When we meet a stranger on elevators , we avoid looking floor numbers	"""ca n't avoid eye contact with him or her"""
When did Anna Ferris draw attention to the public ? After finished 100-meter dash	'Until she threw a softball 16 feet on Saturday .'
Who called the husband in Joke 1 ? Jenny man made friends .	'Jenny the man chose to bet on in the races .'
Tourists can experience the Polynesian culture mainly through songs dances	'luxury services and places of entertainment'
Which one was NOT true according to the article ? He eat sandwich made Mr. Oven .	'He had to be punished to leave school for two weeks .'
From the article , Which of the following may NOT cause sleeping problems ? Reading book late night .	'Playing with digital devices before sleeping .'
Who may be the most suitable readers of this article ? Anyone wants learn English well .	'English teachers .'
What did the tortoise promise the bird catcher at first ? A nice gift .	'A larger bird .'
From the passage we know that woman n't know man robber	'the man ran away after he robbed the shopkeeper'
What does Al DHarsee imply ? Human beings may destroy moon .	"""The trip to the moon does n't appeal to him ."""
From the text we know that Kiko saved master 's life	'nearly cost Douthett his life'
Having heard what the older man said , Tom thought carefully about plan steal bank	'stealing something worth a lot'
The researchers found the new evidence EXCEPT animal footprints	'ancient layers of ash and mud'
Why do the rumors about doomsday come about now and then ? Because times crisis , people tend worry future .	'Because the old Mayan story says that the world will'
According to this text , Smoky Bear helps lot reduce wildfires America	'becomes the symbol of the Advertising Council'
The writer noticed something wrong with the repaired shoes went dinner husband four months shoes repaired	'when she took the shoes off for a closer look'
Why did Leonidas send most of his soldiers back to their homelands ? Because found impossible hold Thermopylae .	'Because the Persians gave up attacking Thermopylae .'
In many cities , pedestrians are much safer because traffic allowed streets	'only one - way streets are open to traffic'
"The sentence "" That 's that ! "" means Ben thinks never need learn"	'Ben would like to go on studying'
Why would the pay be doubled ? Because double pay two persons .	'Because the important job is worth double pay .'
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Han Han , popular post-80s writer .	'Popular books written by Han Han .'
To full develop the low - carbon markets , government can encourage energy conservation	'develop public resources'
Which is The teacher get Y=30 hour weekends .	'The teacher can take a bus to work'
The writer 's first volunteer project was helping poor family	'donating beds and bedding'
Which of the following can remind office workers of their childhoods ? Nightlife Back Age Innocence	'Chinese Girl'
Diabeitcrockstar.com was created for diabetics communicate	'volunteers to find jobs'
Attention exchange was not a major concern in traditional societies because of natural checks balances	'the guidance from old people'
We can infer from Jenny 's words at the end of the story that she was optimistic making money	"""disappointed because she could n't afford a new bicycle"""
After the author 's mother fell ill , people spared time stay mother	'tried to spend more time on their work'
The house - keeper at the Grange satisfies Lockwood 's dirty desire by providing information Wuthering Height	'telling him the story of the ghost of Catherine'
Managers are more likely to be popular if they make much effort liked	'help the staff with their problems'
The writer did n't know much about her father 's dementia , because mother kept father 's dementia secret	"""she did n't visit her parents much"""
We can infer that this passage is ad pet sports training centre	'a news report about animal sports games'
Where does the boy have lunch at weekends ? We n't know .	'At home or at school ..'
The best title for the passage can be Shopping Outfits FrightCatalog.com .	'The outfits at FrightCatalog . com .'
Why has alcohol been thought to cause weight gain ? Because rich sugar .	'Because it increases the risk of diabetes .'
Why does the author compare human beings to candles ? Because life earth   ly short .	"""Because people wo n't have good eyesight ."""
Why does the author suggest having wine glasses and snacks handy ? To help make friends freshers .	'To pass the busy university life .'
The major problem concerning the development of 4D printing lies in creating proper smart materials	'producing essential 4D printers'
What did Sugar do in the story ? She went long way find owners	'She tried to find help .'
When he was young , Arthur Bonner broke law ended prison	'often caught butterflies and took them home'
Camp Jano India can give children a memorable experience probably because activities carried interesting style	'it teaches Indian languages at different levels'
The researchers believe dogs ' imitative behavior comes mainly from human - dog interactions	'human rewards'
If you meet a few new words on a page while reading , guess meanings first	'give up reading'
The pilot flew the airplane upside down in order to get another $ 10 making wife shout	'throw the wife out of the plane'
According to the passage , the adult penguins spend the winter south because food supply need exists	'they have to raise their chicks there'
Why would Mars only be a temporary   place for humans ? It would disappear Earth disappeared .	'The conditions there would be too hard for the human beings'
From the passage we can know C. elegans short life period	'has exactly the same DNA as human'
The passage mainly tells us that people 's faith bottle medicine weakened modern age	'patients have a tendency to put their own will on doctors'
According to the article , phantom vibrations started troubling people recent years	'affect people mostly working on farms'
The young man came back to the doctor 's office the next day because still could n't go sleep night	'he wanted to ask the doctor how to count the numbers'
What are the reactions of other businessmen to TOMS ? They wondered Mycoskie could manage .	'They envied Mycoskie for being able to sell so many shoes .'
The last sentence of the passage suggests that people suffered injured	"""it 's fortunate to land on the concrete floor"""
"By saying "" Your hair is beautiful and fits you well . "" the author wanted to make old woman feel appreciated"	'please her so as not to let her bag tagged'
When did the writer get the gift ? In first year middle school .	'After making friends with the boy . [ : Zxxk . Com ]'
What happened to Edison when he was on his way home ? A man wanted speak	'A man wanted to have words with him'
How is Conner Stroud different from other tennis players ? He born disabled , yet plays tennis well .	'He is too short to be a tennis player'
According to the passage , when people do not understand each other 's language , they can talk with the help of hands , heads parts bodies .	'a waiter'
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Saving Paper	'The History of Paper'
Which of the following statements is possibly true ? July drawing near .	'They are going to make a tour all over the U.S and Canada .'
The nine soldiers returned to the camp late because drunk much town	'something was wrong with their buses'
Meat - eating plants can grow in wet and poor soil because they . get nutrition animals	"""do n't need much food nutrition"""
What is the main idea of this passage ? Making friends means losing enemies .	'Patience is important in making friends .'
What does the author think about the present kids ? They n't get close nature .	'They spend too much time playing outside .'
What can we infer from the passage ? The author worked hospital .	'The author had seen Ed before .'
What 's some experts ' opinion about Japanese school rules ? They bad development student .	'They can help the students to be useful persons .'
What is the purpose of adding chlorine to the water ? kill tiny microbes	'to air the water'
Who played the most important part in calling an ambulance fro Anita ? Anita 's aunt .	"""Anita 's mother ."""
The writer was impressed by way boy served	'the beautiful socks in the shop'
What do Mr and Mrs Green do ? They teach English	'look after Jack and Mary'
The best title for the passage is The model mimic	'Look - alikes learn from each other'
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? As doubts college education arise , people 's desire go college weakens .	'Most college graduates feel it necessary to receive college education'
"In order to send their children to school , parents in "" The Centre "" of Australia must have special radio"	'a school room at home'
Which of the following statements is NOT true by the last news item ? Health problems among topics G-8 summit .	'Russia will host the G-8 summit in St. Petersburg .'
How does this passage view expressing emotions ? They need expressed way hurts one .	'They should be expressed any way you like .'
What criterion did Adam Smith seem to go by in his classification of social groups ? The way getting money	'The social status'
Who are most likely to be book lovers according to the author ? The kids influenced book lovers around .	'The kids forced to read by their serious parents .'
"Why was the traffic officer sent to the scene of "" hanging "" ? Because local policeman available time ."	'Because many scared drivers turned directly to him for help .'
The writer was shy as a child because of fear others ' attitude reaction	'awareness that life is shy'
If you apply for the programme , you must nationals countries mentioned text	'should have some working experience in a foreign country'
In the interview , Dr Goodall was asked question about    development research	'her new book and her advice to kids'
According to the passage , who do you think learnt a lesson ? Sonny 's father	'The hare'
The text is mainly about      Wade 's weekend China .	"""Wade 's Chinese friends"""
The carmakers were unwilling to recall their cars in the past mainly because related rules little pressure	"""they could n't afford the cost for their car recalls"""
The first kind of air travel was in balloon	'a jet plane'
Where does the bus stop at last ? Near shop .	'At the bus station .'
The main reason that China in their eyes is usually negative is probably that newspapers online news affect	'the forum affects them'
A man stopped the writer on the way to ask direction	'ask her the time'
Modiano won the Nobel Prize because of unique way recording history	'his special connections to the war'
How do people of higher income see their future ? They earn less money .	'They will have less time to enjoy life .'
The couple and their kids first stayed Britain went France	'went to see the Mona Lisa and Venus de Milo first'
In the end , Officer Tidwell would probably   . let Crane go	'force Crane to pay Mrs . Fern some money .'
At last , what happened to the cobbler ? He realized source sadness returned money .	'He worried about his money day and night .'
Hummingbirds will have some little animals for their meal when ca n't take enough nutrition	'they are bored with eating nectar'
Which of the following is WRONG ? The party begins 10:00 pm	'Students will have a picnic on the beach'
If you do not use your arms or legs for some time , become weak wo n't become strong use	'they become weak but they slowly become strong again'
According to the text , the Illustrators ' Exhibition strengthen relationship illustrators publishers	"""is held by the Bologna Children 's Book Fair in BolognaFiere"""
Miss Jerry changed Peter by encouraging helping	'giving Peter another exam'
What 's the main purpose    of the poster ? To get students join activities possible .	'To teach students how to plan a party .'
"The expression "" the habit "" ( para . 1 , sentence 4 ) refers to drinking water which flavored"	'has vitamins'
The writer went into the station coffee shop to take short rest	'meet a boy with dark glasses'
According to Greg , teen musicians should love music playing	'make music close to their lives'
Which group of people support camera use most ? Police officers .	'Council members .'
What 's the main idea of this passage ? We change life changes .	'Weather changes in different seasons .'
What can we learn from the passage ? The writer lady met accident .	'The lady once visited her children by flight .'
How does the passage mainly develop ? By making comparisons .	'By following the order of time .'
Why did Ellen and Bill first decide to adopt a child ? Because saw benefits adoption child .	'Because they were not able to have children of their own .'
Why did the writer never think of trying the new phone after moving to Boston ? He missed Information Please old phone much .	"""He did n't like the tall and shiny style of the new phone ."""
According to the passage , eBay is a website shopping	'for making friends'
Which of the following is NOT true ? Winners teachers free trip .	'Winners can connect with universities to develop their ideas .'
What 's the best title for this passage ? The secret happiness	'An old man in the restaurant'
With the help of GPS , people ca n't lost new city	'can start the car'
Blue can be a color to represent sad moods	'true friends'
Which is the most common way of traveling in Tanzania ? By bus	'By hot balloon'
What is the healthiest amount of sleep for the majority of people according to the article ? About seven half eight hours .	'About nine and a half to 10 hours .'
Hans stopped a taxi and followed hotel	'drove it to the hotel'
The servants were up very late because preparing dinner	'they were watching a fire'
"Why does the writer mention the fact that "" selfie "" was added to an online dictionary ? To indicate word become popular ."	'To show that the online dictionary is widely used .'
What was the employee 's problem ? She could n't solve simple math problems .	"""She could n't operate the cash register ."""
Why did Jason stop hanging out with Sam ? He felt upset disabled man like Sam .	"""He did n't know what had happened to Sam ."""
According to   the passage , most people think Lisa 's life different	"""a movie star 's life is boring"""
Sports are very popular in Africa because children need money play	"""do n't like to go to school"""
How did the author overcome his agony of waiting ? By reading books designed read shortened words .	'By taking measures to produce some books for readers .'
The writer uses the quotation by Vice Premier Wang Yang to show Some misconducts bad image	'Chinese people are influential'
In the letter to his mother , Jim told his mother not to go prison see	'dig the fields'
Why did Brian Wansink write Slim by Design : Mindless eating Solutions for Everyday Life ? Because intended help people make healthful dietary decision .	"'Because he hoped to coin a new phase "" mindless eating "" .'"
The damages the drought brought about are the following EXCEPT causing many die thirst	'making it hard for millions to get drinking water'
""" Ant tribe "" members are similar to ants in the following aspects EXCEPT that pleased nameless underpaid"	'they live in narrow and small places in groups'
All the following books are fairy tales EXCEPT The Gruffalo	'Little Red Riding Hood'
The original home of the president needed to be rebuilt burned war	'because George Washington was not willing to live in it'
The writer wrote this article to tell us how to     keep friendship	'make friends'
"In which situation could the words "" get your act together "" be used ? Players perform badly match ."	"""Audience is satisfied with the actor 's performance in a movie ."""
About 70 million Americans eating special foods lose weight	'are taking some exercise to lose weight'
Which of the octopus 's skills impresses people most according to the passage ? Their ability escape sight enemy .	'Their large human - like eyes and brains'
When first entering the restaurant , one can find that it pleasant smells kabobs	'looks like a common restaurant'
If you visit the Forbidden City now , which of the following wo n't be the case you 'll have ? You person .	'Visitors are pushing you for a better view .'
Why ca n't we eat a mint and drink cola at the same time ? It cause harm stomach .	'Mints with cola will produce heat .'
How did the man treat his father when he was young ? He helped father ,   happily .	'He only helped his father take a walk after supper .'
Good leadership is mainly seen in a leader 's ability to deal wisely employees ' emotions	'provide a good working environment'
Is the person under the big tree a girl ? No .	"""He 's a boy ."""
Which city topped 2003 fattest cities list ? Detroit .	'Houston .'
According to the passage , members of Join Me often act kindness every Friday	'buy coffees for the strangers'
Why does Kitty Smith think human beings will have to live on another planet ? The earth hot live .	'The earth will be too crowded for human beings to live on .'
What happened to the girl in the end ? She lost life accident	'She lost her father in an accident'
The redwood trees were cut down mainly great economic value	'to protect other trees in the forest'
The story happened palace	"""in a boy 's home"""
"From the saying "" Two steps forward and three steps back "" , it means the writer difficulty raising family"	"""could n't walk regular like other people"""
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Our fingers sensitive eyes .	'Our eyes are more sensitive than our fingers .'
According to Mr Strachan , what is the first consideration while providing public transport ? People 's safety .	'Weather conditions .'
Which of the following is NOT an example of synesthesia ? Feeling warm April .	'Feeling pain in red .'
If travelers prefer something risky in Barbados , they may try rental drive adventure	'have a guided island tour'
It can be learned from the passage that literature enrich spiritual life	'art is needed to make your house beautiful'
According to the text , Robert Loftus would agree that family important work	'time is important for success'
The guy 's offer was rejected because the author     n't think good deal	'was too occupied to start a new business'
What did the traveler want to do when he said the soup was nice ? To get saltfor soup .	'To let the villagers taste the soup .'
Teenagers tend to have strange clothes and hairstyles mainly because they want show existence creating culture	'want to make their Parents angry'
All of them are musicians except Jann Wenner	'Muddy Waters'
What does Mariam take pride in ? Her hometown fantastic scenery .	'Her dignity from education .'
Which website should you visit if you want to take on some voluntary work ? http:// www.lionsclub.org	'http:// www.communitygifts.com'
"By saying "" miracle after miracle "" , Shelli means that really surprised survived many operations"	'the love for her family got her life back'
"The best title for the passage is ""   How study English well"	'To learn English well is important'
According to the passage , we know that the Victoria Falls discovered British man	'drop twice as far as the Niagara Falls'
Some children want to be writers because they want people read books	'like reading books'
Carlos Domingo works as a volunteer to help children	'old people'
Which of the following films is a love film ? Country strong	"""A Turtle 's Tale : Sammy 's Adventures"""
Which movie lasts the longest time ? The Grey .	'Mirror Mirror .'
In order to know what we should be doing at all times , we should make plan day	'find things easily'
The self - contained artificial heart gets power battery pack without wires	'brought the patient to the brink of death'
Traveling has become much easier because of the modern traffic development	'travel agencies'
"Without his eyes , he could also "" see "" by ways"	"""trying to recognize people 's voices"""
The purpose of the passage is to tell us humans , love peace avoid fighting much .	"""it 's hard for a mother to explain to a small child why people fight sometimes ."""
The three children of the family were gloomy probably because n't got present Christmas	"""they did n't have new clothes to wear"""
"According to the passage , the "" Slow City "" project aims at protecting traditional Italian lifestyle"	'beautifying the environment of small Italian cities and towns'
A good title for this reading passage is     The Small Important Nation Greece	'The Influence of the Sea on Greece .'
Why do students hold the dance party till the next morning ? Because perhaps last chance enjoy school life .	'Because students make it as exciting as an awarding party of Oscar .'
Why did Dr. Minor refuse to visit Oxford ? He shut asylum	'He lived far from Oxford'
Meteorologists can make their weather forecast collecting analyzing data	'by using information of the appearance of the clouds only'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Blue Gum Tree	'A Body Found Hanging'
According to the passage , which of the following could be the best trigger ? NIR light .	'UV light .'
What was Rodney Smith , Jr. 's goal last fall ? To mow 100 yards free .	'To start a non - profit service group .'
What does the author advise us to do at high school ? To learn lessons well socialize frequently .	'To devote all of our time to learning our lessons .'
"What would happen after the teacher gave a note "" See me after class . "" ? The teacher would criticize ."	'The teacher wanted to tell him that his dream would come true .'
A serious face could indicate a lot of different information together facial expressions	'together with the arms folded across'
The birds flew to the windows because they thought trees ahead	'found the windows very clean'
What can be inferred from the passage ? In way , violinist mistaken beggar .	'Joshua Bell first played the violin in the station .'
Where does this text probably come from ? A student 's diary .	'A bus guide .'
Living things die in a lake or river because there is no oxygen	'water'
What is the biggest cause of child death in developing countries ? respiratory infections .	'hospital - acquired infections .'
The passage is mainly about a website for helping people good living habits	'eat more healthy food'
We learn from the text that plants communicate with each other by producing chemicals	'waving their leaves'
The reason why my grandmother made cookies for the lady downstairs is that thought something lady special time	'she thought the lady was too busy'
A primary school in Fuzhou required the students to clean school toilets	'finish homework at school'
Why was the author nervous about taking online classes ? Some friends n't think highly classes .	'He was afraid that he could not afford the online classes .'
Why does a couch - potato look like a real potato ? Because he or she almost never moves watching TV gets fat	'likes eating potatoes on a couch while watching TV'
The way to make the city cooler is to plant trees	'paint the roofs of all the white buildings'
"It is suggested in the sentence "" the true spirit of giving is to give with your heart "" that true giving means giving others treasure"	'true generosity means helping others at the cost of your own benefit'
When choosing her high school , Mrs . Obama willing meet challenges	'failed to find an ideal school'
"What 's the purpose to say "" you can do anything you set your mind to "" ? To encourage girl try best ."	"""To mean nothing ca n't be done by the little girl"""
American university students are usually under pressure of work because academic performance affect future careers	'they are heavily involved in student affairs'
Professor Joan McLean 's course aims to prepare students try inventions	"""inform students of the windshield wiper 's invention"""
With the London Pass , you can enter attractions Fast Track Entry	'travel to each sightseeing in London'
In what position did Flight 19 disappear ? To southwest Bermuda Atlantic Ocean .	'To the northeast of Bermuda in the Atlantic Ocean .'
"Which of the following can travelers see in Magdalen College ? A 15 
 th - century tower ."	'British oldest botanic garden .'
People jumping from the tallest buildings spent two different years air .	'floated away to the new land'
Why does the author encourage power plants to use Biomass ? To reduce pollution .	'To prevent the waste of energy .'
From the passage , we know robots can not be dangerous animals	'guide dogs'
Why does everyone like Tom very much ? Because funny .	'Because he can play many instruments .'
Who is Bob ? Kate 's classmate .	"""Mrs Green 's new neighbor ."""
. What information could be found from the black box on the Yemeni airliner ? Data analyzing cause crash .	'Homing signals sent by the pilot before the crash .'
According to Xie Chang'e , new regulations aimed at protecting children written laws	"""do n't have the force of law"""
What can we infer from the second part of this passage ? There n't restriction set volunteers .	'Few people are willing to do the voluntary work .'
What can we know about Emily Dickinson 's family ? Her sister close relationship .	'Her brother was actively involved in politics .'
Some people are also predators , they hunt and kill more animals for food fun	"""Sharks ' fins"""
According to the passage , why is winning Olympic medals so encouraging ? It makes people deep love country .	'It helps the country out of natural disasters .'
Why did Will 's mother send him to his grandparents ' ? Because n't know stop Will hurting others .	"""Because Will 's grandparents told her they had a good way with children ."""
Why did n't Daniel notice the rock that caused him to fall ? Because rock hidden snow .	'Because he was frightened by a puma .'
He did n't buy a ticket because money buy	"""the ticket - collector did n't find him"""
After hearing Susan 's words , Vicki changed idea happiness	'found a simple gift from God .'
We can infer from the text that Rachel Carson worked to protect environment	'protect the rights of women'
The best title for the passage should be A New Invention , A New Schoolbag	'Please Change Your Schoolbag'
At the end of the story , what the beggar said showed that he n't trust   artist	'felt sad for having paid for their lunch'
The students ' faces turned red because told lie class	"""they did n't finish the exercise"""
According to the text , what causes people to fear the unknown ? The severe competition life .	'The loss of self - confidence .'
Which of the following can be the best title ? Dress Impress	'He Who Runs May Read'
Why do many mothers and adult daughters keep a rewarding relationship ? Because lot common .	'Because they keep a constant relationship .'
According to the passage , some people are unable to think clearly because n't enough sleep	'they feel sleepy during the working hours'
The author approached his project with new possibility after changed posture improve confidence	'he walked out of his comfort zone'
What is the text mainly about ? Different styles parenting .	'Humorous stories about parents .'
What can we infer about the master according to the passage ? He walked India first time .	'He is very wise in spending his money .'
Why does David think he might retire early ? He thinks computer games might always sell well .	'One has to be young to write computer programs .'
According to the writer , it is difficult for you to go to sleep because sleep hours dinner	"""you have n't taken sleeping pills"""
What does the passage mainly talk about ? How healthy beautiful girl .	'What are the ways to keep fit for girls .'
When people suffer from Alzheimer 's disease , families friends experience mental sufferings	'their families and friends will suffer from the same disease'
When the accident happened , Linda asleep	'the Andrea Doria hit a hole in the Stockholm'
Rodd missed Santa Claus because focused present	'he preferred the present to Santa Claus'
From the passage we know that it is good for our health to go bed early	'go to bed late'
Which of the following statements about San Serriffe is True ? San Seffiffe n't exist .	'San Seffiffe is located in the Indian Ocean .'
To avoid attracting mountain lions , people are advised keep close watch farm animals	'to build more roads for the lions to move safely'
When does the sleeping position best show your secret personality ? During deep sleep	'At the beginning of sleep'
Which of the following is TRUE about my mother ? She wanted keep house good order .	"""She enjoyed removing others ' drinks ."""
The writer of the first kind of travel books gave his ideas after he travelled	'read books'
The reason why Segovia and Velazquez do n't talk to each other is that similarity character	'they live in different villages'
You can watch a whale exploding out of the water at Gacier Bay National Park	'the Klondike Gold Rush National Park'
Hungbu bought a big house with . treasure gourd	'the treasure from his brother'
What do we know about habitual complainers ? They get momentary comfort complaining .	'They are more likely to put forward new ideas .'
The Frenchman signed    to the waiter ask food	'to tell him bring a cup of tea'
What can coaches mainly learn from the online safety course ? How deal injured properly .	'How to diagnose brain - damaging concussion .'
What did Greg Rota probably do in the end ? Returned prize organizer .	'Apologized to Woburn High School .'
The description of Mr. Torres 's long trip to work shows overcome difficulty	'the loyalty of his guide dog'
What 's the best title for this passage ? Are shy ?	'Once he was shy just like you !'
The old man did not become the happiest man when he got the bag of gold because hungry thirsty	"""he did n't like gold at all"""
According to this passage , dogs are the best friend of kids because helpful encourage kids read	'they keep kids company through therapy'
In this passage the author intends to urge people develop habit listing	'warn people not to rely on their memory'
"The author thinks it is "" unfair "" when pig eats ham ham made pigs ."	'a pig eats ham because ham is too expensive for farmer animals'
Why does the old man want to stand up ? He wants get bus .	'He wants to give his seat to the woman .'
""" I ca n't help myself "" means I ca n't control"	"""I ca n't do it myself"""
About Monet 's paintings , which of the following statements is true ? Many paintings Monet color1ed pink .	'They have recorded the London fogs and air quality by the painter routinely .'
When the writer 's father found Wangwang , he was sitting coat	'beside the coat'
Who made the class rules ? The head teacher .	'The students .'
What is the story mainly about ? How author helped get job stranger .	'How a stranger offered the author a job .'
Which is the best title for the passage ? So Much Learn	'A Common professor'
Which is TRUE according to the passage ? All .	'You can still be a happy person even if you have little money .'
Who is Raul ? He football player .	"""He is Wu Jun 's classmate ."""
According to the passage , Kyrgyzstan used to be important part Silk Road	'a vast desert land in Central Asia'
The farmer felt amazed because     everything safety	'the Little man was sleeping'
What do we learn about Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe from the passage ? Before civil war lived north America .	'Before the civil war she had been a slave .'
In order to really enjoy your holidays without putting on weight , you 'd better eat much food high - fat	'turn away from delicious foods'
After graduation from college , many young people spend years paying debts	'are able to manage their own finances well'
The story is about drinking sea water	'eating good food'
Who is Rita in the play ? Evan 's new classmate .	"""Evan 's old friend ."""
In the past , people in developing countries seldom thought receiving foreign education change	'had no educational opportunities in their homeland'
Elephants touch the bones of their own kind to express sorrow death	'call for other elephants'
Lulu quarreled with her mother mainly over long practiced violin	'what should be written in the book'
What are in Frank 's bag ? A pen key .	'A pen and an orange .'
We can use iPads to do the following at school except judge teachers'teaching	'replace the school textbooks'
The writer did NOT feel comfortable at the evening school because 	'he had to walk a long distance to the evening school'
According to the passage , the participants related staff The Washington Post	'should be readers of The Washington Post'
The book sellers on Farringdon Road sell books hand - carts	'sell the same books as the bookshops on Charring Cross Road'
From the whole passage , we can tell that the writer is content life	'feeling very strange to be a clown'
What is essential in solving the problem mentioned in the passage ? People 's attitude .	'The true greatness of heroes .'
What can we learn from the story ? Strangers ' kindness also makes difference .	'Without money you can do nothing .'
According to the passage , why do tigers hunt alone ? They ca n't find enough animals share tigers .	"""They ca n't get along well with other tigers ."""
Which of the following can best raise students ' creativity according to Robert Eisenberger ? Giving rewards really deserve .	'Giving them rewards they anticipate .'
"Which title of the following can best take the place of "" Different Cultures in America "" ? "" Side -- -- side""Living Style America ."	'Home for the People'
Why do Mother Hen and her children want to look for food ? Because n't lots money .	'Because Mother Hen wants her children to work .'
What can parents do to help their toddlers learn ? Greate learning opportunities daily life .	'Let them attend science courses for kids'
"Why have people called Picasso "" the youngest painter in the world ? "" Because never gave looking something new ."	'Because he observed things with the eye and the mind .'
It is implied in the passage that in the morning science lessons	"""students ' sleep should be guaranteed"""
Which is the best title for the passage ? Still Too Many Poor People	"""Li Hua 's Family"""
Michael 's parents Irish immigrants America	'owned a small farm in Texas'
The passage mainly tells us history Eiffel Tower	'what the Eiffel Tower was used for'
How did the author feel when waiting tables at the age of 19 ? She found natural professionals treat inferior .	'She felt it unfair to be treated as a mere servant by professional .'
In low income countries , imported Ebola cases may effectively responded	'it is easy to identify imported Ebola cases'
When the customers come one evening , Rick wants go home	'is making cakes'
The passage wants to express that unlucky person trouble one another	"'"" THREE "" always comes with a bad luck .'"
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To recommend video .	'To give us some tips on dealing with cancer .'
When the writer gave John the money , he was happy because got get work	"""he did n't have to add up the costs again"""
Why did Alex Ruiz help the man eat his lunch ? The man hands .	"""He is Alex Ruiz 's father ."""
Pirates of the Carribean is adventure film	'an action film'
Why do people like to go log on to a public WiFi network ? Because free .	'Because the owner of the network is polite .'
Today the Britain want to ride bikes because cost riding bikes much cheaper taking trains buses	'the traffic accidents easily happen while people go to work by train or by bus'
When you prepare for an exam , go lessons .	'you look through the exam .'
Hans did not find his hotel because easy find way	'he was not good at driving'
The passage mainly tells us things US kids really must	"""what the most important food in the US teenagers ' lives is"""
When creating Nicobobinus , the first thing the writer considered was changes daughter 's interests	'ways to keep his daughter Sally innocent'
In the football game man Mars thought players fighting	'the man from the Mars saw a fighting among the angry boys'
What moved Lang most when in Africa ? Children 's passion music .	"""Children 's gifts for music ."""
According to the passage , people are advised to take more Vitamin D because lower cancer risk	"""it ca n't harm people 's health"""
What seems to be the author 's suggestion to us ? To help need proper way .	'To tell people the truth some time later .'
Marcus Yallow was sent to prison because something possible terrorist could	'his injured friend disappeared'
Why does the author say it is not possible in the film Terminator that the humans win ? Because machines much intelligence easily defeat humans .	'Because the power of the technology is exaggerated .'
"The belief that : "" The customer is always right "" suggests that stores best meet customer 's needs want successful ."	"""stores must always follow the customer 's orders if they want to make more money ."""
What can we learn about Carla ? She little homesick .	'She had no problem talking in English .'
What 's the teaching assistant 's task ? Helping promote effective learning teaching .	'Only helping teachers prepare their lessons .'
According to the passage , memory    mature help sleep	'is a hard - writing of the brain'
We can learn from the passage that FIFA always tried make soccer popular worldwide	'has organized the World Cup since 1920'
Why does Paul hate living in the city ? Because enjoys happiness .	'Because the house in the city is big and beautiful .'
According to the rumours we can know producer decided use Mr. Bean film	'Mr. Bean failed to act well on the social platforms'
Why did Sue come up to the instructor 's family ? To chat couple .	'To show concern for the boy .'
What do Guo Gaoqi and Yang Fan have in common ? Both want go back China graduation .	'They are forced to study in a foreign land by their parents .'
From the passage , we can infer that Flogos may influenced weather	'can fly for hours in the sky all day'
Spencer planned to begin to collect baseball equipment saw players wearing gloves	'when he found a group offering equipment to others'
The harbour survived the storm owing to arms bay	'the still water in the channel'
Why do some people think that texting is bad ? Teenagers wo n't learn write correctly .	'It has been replaced by voice message'
The man talking on the cell phone loudly in the restaurant will make customers angry	'talk for half an hour'
Which is the best title for the passage ? Bill Gates ' house	'Bill Gates and his house'
Which of the following animals use dust to clean themselves ? Wombats .	'Ants .'
Which of the following is NOT an enemy of paintings ? Varnish .	'Light .'
How can an inventor invent things ? The most important thing is how to use head well	'learn more knowledge from his teacher'
What may be the writer 's advice to the potential readers ? The goals set n't far beyond reach .	"""You need n't attend college if you are really not interested in it ."""
When did his elder sister shortened the trousers ? supper	'before she went to bed'
What is the Brimms ' purpose in publishing the fairy tales ? To introduce country 's culture .	"""To improved children 's reading skills ."""
The little tortoise n't go far days	'believed in   the other two tortoises'
Saber Miresmailli is seeking for a couple who taken photo without knowing	'were looking for their wedding pictures'
The author mentioned a talented boy to show great influence You Mi	'self - made DV movies are popular at school'
Who do you think was foolish ? The tailor	'Mr. Jones'
The coin was passed and praised because large gold coin	'Clinton was rich'
People went to Hollywood to make films because lot sunlight	'you could find many film stars'
If you want to learn something about people of the past ,   you can     join team Greece	'join the team to the Far North'
What do we know about Marriott Detroit Southfield ? It quite easy get local attractions .	'It is the cheapest of the four hotels .'
When do kids have to take a vitamin supplement ? When n't normal food .	'When they eat only some foods .'
According to the text , people with neurotic perfectionism probably accept failure life	'get great pleasure from their hard work'
Which is not true about Lachie and Martin ? They travelers Europe holiday Thailand .	'They both survived from the high waves when tsunami struck .'
What will contribute to a satisfactory photo of a running lion in the wild ? The shutter speed .	'The zoom range .'
To the suitors including English courtiers and foreign princes , Elizabeth kept expecting deliberately	'said she preferred the single state'
The text mainly tells us about rebuilding deserted industrial site	'the present condition of an underground streetcar station'
The man in the square was calling people protect environment	'teaching people how to give a speech'
"William Penn chose the name of""Philadelphia""as he     . found meaning stood faith"	'favored its unique meaning represented in the Bible'
Which of the following is the most important for health ? Taking moderate exercise every day	'Adding Vitamin C - powered seeds to meals'
From the passage we learn that locusts change colours protect	'are easily found by birds'
According to the passage , Mount Yasur erupts almost every day	'is on Pentecost Island'
The concept of personal choice concerning health is important because wrong decisions could lead poor health	'it is essential to personal freedom in American society'
What is the article mainly about ? The inventor IVF technology .	'The first test - tube baby .'
The reason suggested for running a boarding - house is that resulting additional income ensure living several months	'the owners provide three cooked meals a day at a reasonable price'
What do you think is the title of the passage ? Kindness animals .	'Making friends with animals .'
Later , Robert 's mother told him take big bottle	'how to clean the milk'
We can infer from the passage that the parents ' meeting was held beginning new school year	'at Anne E. Moncure Elementary Scholl'
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? A heroic deed	'A serious car accident'
The groundwater seems to exist rocks sand	'be pure water like that in a lake or river'
From what Bill was carrying , we can know that he liked sports music	'liked all the subjects in school'
What is the author 's mother most proud of according to the passage ? Living simply style .	'Experiencing too much all her life .'
What attitude does Erickson have towards aged parents helping their grown children ? She thinks parents careful savings .	"""Parents should n't feel guilty when failing to help their children ."""
Which is the best title of the passage ? Scores , Important ?	'The Final Test'
What could be the best title of the passage ? The Disappearance MH 370	'An Air Crash'
What problem do Monarch butterflies face now ? New buildings take living space .	'They have tot travel a long distance to get home .'
What color1 might help lose weight according to the text ? Blue .	'Red'
Which of the following is TRUE ? Li Jing enjoys community lot .	'People can buy clothes in the market .'
What do all the British children do on Christmas Eve in the story ? They put stockings end beds .	"""They wo n't sleep until Father Christmas comes ."""
"Which Web giants now offer electronic "" hong bao "" ? Alibaba Tencent"	'Tencent'
It can be learned from this passage that heart attack has nothing to do with blood group	'heart rate'
One day on the moon is as long as fourteen days earth .	'seven days on the earth'
If hamsters sleep in full darkness , they prefer sugar water	'Drink as much sugar water as tap water'
The author is most likely to be student America	'a professor in South Africa'
We can infer from the passage that the author thought the little girl kind - hearted really understood Christmas spirit	'and the little boy would become good friends'
What can be inferred from the passage about the gray - haired day ? She suffers Alzheimer 's disease .	"""She ca n't search for her father without being watched ."""
What does Daniel Greenberg say about threeyearolds ? They love learning .	'They want to be outside all the time .'
Why do fewer people cook now ? Many people busy .	"""They do n't like family meals ."""
Father Christmas often puts the presents children 's stockings	"""under children 's beds"""
Who is Alize Ferrari ? She professor university leading study .	'She is a common teacher taking part in the study .'
If you realize you have left an expensive thing at home in a fire , you should go back	'keep down close to the door'
By mentioning Steve Jobs , the author intends to tell us that    . following heart college may guarantee opportunities success .	'your dream of connecting dots to form a beautiful curve will be realized .'
It can be inferred from the passage that if you are in Africa , you will often hear stories told strangers	'have no choice but to listen during a talk'
Why did most of the early immigrants work as railroad laborers ? Because make living working railroad laborers .	'Because they thought railroad was the first step to find gold .'
What is the main idea of the passage ? How survive rush crowd	'How to enjoy yourself in a crowd'
Why is moderate background noise good for creativity ? It pushes people use imagination n't reach level disturbs .	'It can absorb sudden noises that cause distraction .'
Infant Dennis becomes the subject of the experiment most probably because early stage learning process	'he has the aid of a sonar - type electronic device'
The main purpose of GreatMartin 's writing is invite answers question	'to give a brief introduction of the movie'
There is no person but someone should be blamed if he or she draw lesson fault	'is very happy with unpleasant quality'
For what purpose did Donahue go to West Virginia one day ? To report accident .	'To film the praying of a minister .'
Which is the best title for the passage ? The Population Problem	"""China 's One - Child Policy"""
You can visit EarthPledge.com with the purpose of understanding green roofs better	'creating a website of Green Roofs'
One evening , the director sent his camera crew out film scene sea	'to watch a beautiful sunset'
What do we know about biomass ? It plant animal matter used provide power .	'It is a useful way of burning crops .'
From the letter we may know Nancy sent postcards Wu Tong	'they got to the tour hotel the next day'
What does the writer mainly want to tell us ? High school students make great contributions world many fields .	'Farmers can grow more rice and shaky Internet communications can work better'
On the wedding , the bride often uses old and borrowed things so as to bring good luck people give bride	'give the good luck to the bride herself'
Interpersonal relationships are important because they can     make people live easily	'deal with life changes'
""" Hammer , pliers and screwdriver "" are probably things often used men"	'that his mother liked most'
Harrison advises overseas students to set specific goals to bring experiences back home	'get along well with the host family'
If they need money , college students may find jobs	'go for a higher education'
It 's not easy to be a taxi driver in London because know places city serve kinds people times	'there is much traffic in London'
After the young woman left her husband 's home , the elephant sad missed	'went to look for a new home'
Which of the following products is NOT made by Kokoro ? A walking childshaped robot .	'Giant dinosaur robots .'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned by the speaker ? Civilization peace .	'Sacrifice and service .'
What is the unique advantage of the Bronze Yan ? It environment - friendly .	'It is warm .'
What did Beethoven do after he lost his hearing ? He never gave	'He stopped writing music pieces'
Which of the following books was NOT written by Dr. Hawking alone ? 300 Years Gravity	'Black Holes and Baby Universes and Other Essays .'
"What is a "" lazy Susan "" ? A convenient tool"	'A table'
This passage mainly tells us How adapt   new environment	'how to study in a new environment'
The astronaut McArthur and his Russian crewmate put spacesuits help	'worked outside of the space station with a third crew member'
What is the populatin of Quebec ? About 30 % total population .	'Less than 30 % of the French - Canadians .'
"The best title of the passage may be ""   A New Way Heat Homes"	'The Future Computers'
While helping her grandmother bake , the author found interesting appealing	'regretted missing the game shows'
In the Miami Planetarium , visitors can watch animated live star shows December 1	'watch animated live star shows on December 25'
Who sits in a chair ? Jim 's father	"""It 's Jim 's mother"""
There are not many kinds of whales left because    people killed	'they live in the ocean'
"According to the reading , what might "" The Kitchen""be theatre ."	'a performance .'
How can students apply for a working position ? Through internet .	'By face - to - face interview .'
The first pictures of a war were taken by American photographer 1860s	'a French photographer in the 1840s'
According to the passage , what is Wikipedia ? A free website encyclopedia .	'A free encyclopedia in book form .'
Which of the best title   for this passage ? How study English well	'To learn English well is important'
"The author mentions the example of "" backpacks "" ( Para.2 ) to show the importance of exploring new market sections"	'finding creative product designers'
You can infer from the passage that to be a volunteer , get something valuable	'you need to work very long'
What 's the main reason for parents to put the children before a television set ? To keep quiet .	'To help them learn more knowledge from television .'
What does the author say about social networks ? They effects similar marriage .	"""They help relieve people of their life 's burden"""
We may infer from the passage that the author favor well - organized society .	'is against freedom gained at others .'
According to the passage , the FDA might be organization controls safety food	'a factory which processes food'
What 's the best title for this passage ? Smile world even trouble .	'Failure is the mother of success .'
The functions of allowances given to children are the following EXCEPT save money future business	'they can learn to deal with money'
Which city 's development was greatly influenced by war ? Kyoto .	'Siem Reap .'
Why did Natalie Smith pay for the six cars behind her ? She wanted show kindness .	'She knew the car drivers well .'
The doctor paid the bookseller nothing	'two pounds for books'
"Which of the following words can best replace the "" door "" in the passage ? opportunity"	'challenge'
What do we know about the mother in the story ? She strong - willed considerate .	'She was in despair and pretended to forget what she said .'
What is the purpose of the author in writing this passage ? To teach us lesson rules important life .	'To give up tips on how to fly kites effectively .'
Reading the headlines , people can know passages	'learn about the most important news'
"Which of the following might be grouped under "" programme assembly failures "" ? An old man , shoes , trying put socks ."	'A woman went to a shop and forgot what to buy .'
Why are T - shirts more like artworks than just simple summer wear now ? Because young people put ideas .	'Because everyone likes T - shirts and they are popular .'
After you have finished using the new type of mobile phone , phone cover break easily soil bury	'the phone will do harm to the environment'
When did the man start having his sleeping problem ? Before married wife .	'After he got a new bed .'
What 's the result of having a temper tantrum hurting teenagers	'being not good for teenagers'
Which of the following is NOT a reason for a water crisis ? Water 's becoming salty .	"""Water 's being wasted ."""
"The sentence "" some people do nothing but break the whole program "" may tell us that people unclear thoughts"	'radio stations use hotlines in a wrong way'
Why does the man keep smiling while talking to the soldier ? To hide true feeling .	'To satisfy the soldier .'
We should do less shopping because less shop , less carbon dioxide produced	'wasting money causes trouble to people'
The writer 's general impression of the Sunday in the past was a day when everyone seemed free could leisure	'everyone would pay a visit to some relative far away'
Most people in China like watching shows made in South Korea	'China'
What can be learned from Zhao 's research ? Obesity related kind bacteria .	"""Chocolate does n't cause weight gain ."""
What 's the best title for this passage ? A funny mistake	'A hair trick'
What did the items in the basket explain to the receiver ? The sender 's emotions .	'The love between them .'
Which is   true ?    They went zoo train	'Mrs Black woke up her son at night'
What is the best title for the text ? Pennies Heaven	'My loving Dad'
Which one is RIGHT ? Mandy Connie 's English teacher .	"""Josh and Molie are Sandy 's brother and sister ."""
According to the passage , people can live a long life with the help of medical technology	'higher quality of life'
Which of the following is TRUE about Strictly Shakespeare ? Award - winning works shown website .	'A writing contest is held publicly every week .'
The reason why the police are involved is that     police required protect cleaners	'the police are to collect rubbish for the time being'
Peter got the names of the game fans from Internet	'a game shop'
Where did Mr. Baker spend the weekend ?      At home	"""In his sister 's home"""
What is Matt 's problem ? He suffers muscles ' disease .	"""He ca n't speak and read ."""
Why did Wilma Subra quit her job in 1981 ? She forbidden inform public toxic pollution .	'She hoped to work with families and communities .'
A man stopped the writer on the way to ask directions .	'ask for the time'
It is n't easy to find anyone to talk to in the USA because people busy	"""you do n't have time"""
The common thing among the countries and areas mentioned is that     . offer good salary	'English teachers only work 20 hours a week'
From what Oliver says we can infer that go work cultural exchange	'she can do nothing hut practice Tai chi'
The machine in this passage could weigh talk people	'tell people what they should eat'
Which of the following is NOT true about the Waikiki Beachside Hotel ? It largest hotel Hawaii .	'It is close to restaurants and bars .'
The author mentioned smoking in the text to discuss risk friends .	"""friends ' influence on habits ."""
What is the best title for the passage ? Siberia , interesting beautiful place .	'Collecting mushrooms in Siberia .'
The driver whispered to her order make feel younger	"""because he thought that she should n't have borrowed her mother 's card"""
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Do n't judge life one difficult time .	'Every tree has four seasons .'
Why do people in the town think aunt Fanny is poor ? Because close friends shared success .	'Because she paid attention to nothing except money .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? This I born	'Spanish classes with fun'
The snake stone in the novel is clue left birth mother	'a fossil left by the foster parents'
Why did Colon become an honor student ? Because showed anxiety future .	'Because she was often asked to stay after school .'
What was the last thing Naomi Jacobs could remember ? She fell asleep dreaming boy class .	'She met an old woman with wrinkles .'
How did the pigeons react when they got trapped ? They remained rather calm .	'They tried to fly in all directions .'
Which of the following would Jan Davis roust probably agree withal A mother improves greatly parenting .	'Being a mother has more challenges than rewards .'
What is the best title of the passage ? Prepare chances	'Try to be a singer'
How does the author feel after several visits to Corbett ? The process finding Bengal tigers appealing .	'Seeing a Bengal tiger is quite thrilling .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Reading Books Helps Keep Your Healthy	'The Brain Activities While Reading'
Which of the following is true ? Thomas ' powerful memory brought fame wealth .	'A person with a powerful memory can achieve success easily .'
The writer behaved herself like a boy because lived men time	"""her English teacher did n't care about her"""
We can infer from the text that some prisoners turned new leaf	'prefer humane education to science'
Casual employees must be given a free meal or a meal allowance if they work five hours day	'are paid $ 5.00'
The passage begins with two questions to introduce main topic	'explain how to store information'
The writer thinks    workers stayed plant great heroes	'all the workers who stayed in the plant should return quickly'
"He who considers himself to be better and more important than others is likely to "" big head """	'have his head in the clouds'
What was the Golden Rule the writer followed ? He learn appreciate shining points people around .	'He should encourage the students as much as possible .'
What 's the most difficult in making friends with neighbors ? Getting close unfriendly neighbors .	"""Knowing more about neighbors ' situations ."""
To press his chin upwards is a way to keep tongue blocking airway throat .	'prevent the tongue from stopping the airway in the throat .'
Getting to Sea Life Melbourne Aquarium , visitors can take either tram route 70 75	'shuttle buses around the train station'
What is the best title for the story ? A caring puma	'Puma in danger'
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Young First Aiders Year	'St. John Ambulance Awards'
Some people seldom greet strangers because feel uncomfortable	"""they do n't know when to greet them"""
"By saying "" Most philosophers must have been raised on chicken farms "" , the author means that chicken farming gives philosophical insight life"	'exposes you to a complete circle of life'
How would the cracked pot feel at the end of the story ? Much happier .	'Prouder than the perfect pot .'
According to the passage , reading can help people EXCEPT improve memory greatly	'know more about the outside world'
Students can get developed in practical working skill through business training	'school teaching'
The intended readers of the text are parents	'children'
The best title for this passage may be Pushing Workers Produce More	'Problems of Modern Workers'
How do the shoes know that your should n't eat the breakfast cereal ? By checking nutrition details food .	'By testing the food supplies in the kitchen .'
Which of the following is NOT right ? The runner foolish .	'The runner made a joke on Tom Brown .'
The last event of the Olympic Games is closing ceremony	'to raise the flags of the winners for the last time'
The passage is meant to share readers extraordinary family trip	'inform us of the benefits of travelling around the world'
What can we learn from the passage ? Faith power help people go hard times .	'A lot of people are fond of surfing .'
To prevent these diseases , a large amount of money is needed to research work , buy drugs devices	'set up more hospitals and health institutions'
The writer made a parachute jump himself make story realistic exciting	'to learn more about parachute jumping'
Which of the following is not a reason for the improvement of the movie industry ? People richer development economy .	'People have to pay more to watch a movie .'
Why was Ruby Bridges famous in the American history ? She helped end school segregation New Orleans .	'She brought all rights to the Americans with U.S. leaders .'
Who does most of the housework in the family ? David .	'The children .'
In the author 's opinion , a university is a place inseparable part resource community	'that should be surrounded by high cement walls'
In Stephen Yang 's opinion , accents just show cultural differences speakers	'how the language is spoken'
Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of perfectionists ? They set high requirements others .	'They enjoy investing time and efforts .'
Which of the following is NOT the reason for Chinese contemporary literature failed to win the Nobel in the past from the opinions of Xue Yongwu ? Individual efforts	'Language translation'
This passage is mainly about    beginnings oceanography	'the laying of the first undersea cable'
It 's good for children lot reading	'to be good writers right now'
It can be inferred from the passage that women should see nature fashion myths	'refuse to buy the products of the fashion industry'
Why do people put nets around some beaches ? To keep swimmers safe .	'To keep sharks swimming .'
What does Mensah do in Walmart now ? Deal inventory .	'Collect carts .'
At Curious Corner , children can take part many hands - activities	'enjoy free art - making activities'
Which of the following was NOT related to heavy snow and low temperatures ? That workers strike better public traffic .	'That more travelers stayed in the airport .'
Which of the following is not a reason for the trend mentioned in the text ? More job opportunities	'People becoming richer'
"Th e meaning of the word "" aging "" is growing old"	'staying young'
During his flight Glenn could always reach one tracking stations	'see lights turned on on the ground'
From the text , we can tell that the writer is college student	'a door - to - door salesman'
Which of the following factors tends to promote social change ? Different points view	'Less emotional people'
Children will love to stay in Hilton Universal City because serves children 's food	'it has mini - fridges in rooms'
Oliver was given the Shanghai Magnolia Award because of     . contributions cultural exchange	"""her high level of t'ai chi as a foreigner"""
Why did n't the old lady cross the road with the others ? She old walk quickly .	"""She did n't see the light changed ."""
What do we know about the griots ? Their job required good memory .	'Their stories focused on the life of the kings .'
The author began his talk with the old man old man wanted	'when he sat around thinking about saying goodbye .'
Why do many Americans still come to work when they are sick ? The cost staying home great .	'They work in high spirits .'
Helen was finally successful mainly because of hard work , cleverness - power well Sullivan 's great efforts	'the manual alphabet Miss Sullivan used in teaching her'
When Catherine 's family heard hurricanes were coming , they paid attention hurricanes news	'took special keepsakes to low safe places'
Seat belts can make us safer because . help us stay safely seats	'they can stop us from hitting other cars'
Why did n't the president come out to meet the couple ? He important n't time unimportant people .	"""The secretary did n't allow the couple to meet the president ."""
According to the passage , in 2012 East Africa little rain	'the UK had a warm November'
When she found it was a Christmas tree , she cried surprise pushed door wide open	'threw the door away'
Jesse Owens was well - known around the world mainly because he brave enough race front Adolf Hitler	"""did n't want to shake hands with Hitler"""
What helps to make their long journey drive to Phoenix better ? The music played CD player .	'The desire to celebrate a nice birthday .'
The passage tells us make effective complaint faulty item	"""how to settle a consumer 's complaint about a faulty item"""
Some birds in cities now choose to sing at night time because ca n't adapt loud noises daytime	'they want to attract more birds of opposite sex'
What does the writer learn from the story ? An act kindness mean lot	'The wife experienced the most joy in receiving'
"Today when we say that a person has the "" Midas Touch "" , we mean that     everything person makes money"	'gold is the most important thing to that person'
Folic acid is something food	'a certain kind of spinach'
All the following are the advantages of studying abroad EXCEPT    learn live independent life	'the ability in the second language may be greatly improved'
The old man takes Tim to home	'a hotel'
At the spas in Carlsbad , guests bath breakfast lunch	'many visitors had facials'
What causes waves ? Wind causes waves .	'Wind causes some waves .'
According to the text , Chris imaginary character	'is a mouthwash and hand sanitizer seller'
Who invented the GM plants ? Scientists .	'Plants .'
In the writer 's opinion Mozart 's success lies in making good use natural talent	'his great given talent'
According to the writer , working in the Production Department interesting experience	'is the best choice to work in a TV station'
Why did John go into the flower shop ? He decided order roses .	'He planned to open a flower shop .'
In junior high schools , much attention is paid to students who      . absent school although promising	'always behave badly during school time'
According to Sue O'Connor , evidence for our early ancestors ' coastal exploitation difficult find	'indicated tuna was a common dish for our early ancestors'
Chu Jinjing and Wang Hui mentioned all the benefits of military training EXCEPT improving students ' health	'preparing students for college'
The Wealthy Society is a book happiness rise wealth	'indicating that people are becoming worse off'
The food delivered by Hungry Harvest is healthy available hungry people	'fresh but hard to keep for food companies'
What does the writer think of the school counsellors ? They help students get life study improved .	'They are as important as teachers in schools .'
From the first news item , we can infer that terrorists spent plenty time efforts planning attack	'the heart of the city Bombayhas always been the target of terror attacks'
What 's the best title for the passage ? My School Day Japan .	'My Teacher and School .'
What is the main difference between American dramas and British soap operas ? British soap operas deal real people .	'British soap operas are longer .'
What do we know about the writer ? She lived hard life young .	'She seldom saw beautiful green trees .'
"What 's the author 's "" zero tolerance "" approach to these job seekers who mix up basic grammar ? They left job ."	"""They are n't qualified for their jobs ."""
We may learn from the text that soyaburgers cost less hamburgers	'soyaburgers taste better than hamburgers'
What happened when the author found smoke coming out of his car ? The couple offered help .	'He had it pulled back to the gas station .'
It is implied in the passage that must duty save earth	'the meat industry will soon close down'
The passage is an introduction to literary classic	'an adventure story'
The author uses power walking as an example mainly because uses fewer resources	'it is an outdoor sport'
We can learn from the text that Artemisinin has a good effect on curing patients suffering malaria .	'preventing people from being infected with malaria .'
Which of the following is not mentioned as an area of dance that Duncan worked to change ? The stage set .	'Movements .'
A rock crack when Both B C	'it gets very hot'
What mainly results in professional footballers ' poor teeth ? Eating food much sugar .	'Having little education of oral disease prevention .'
Girls try to win in the beauty contest to earn good future	"'practice the country \'s "" machista "" view'"
According to the passage , what happened to Lion at last ? He died .	'He was still the King .'
. Yang has worked in Beijing since graduation from university struggle better - life big city	'to enjoy a busy life in a software company'
How do Charlie and his colleagues develop El - E ? By making able fetch items .	'By letting it pick up objects more accurately .'
The origin of the tango is associated with capital Argentina	'Belly dances'
For podcast , which is wrong ? You listen time place .	'You can listen to it according to your own demand .'
Which of the following statements about Ms Muller is true ? She 's first Romanian writer Nobel Prize Literature .	'She is the first German writer to win the Nobel Prize for literature in the 21 \n stcentury .'
Why did the Bulgarian boy shake his head from side to side ? He wanted go movies .	"""He did n't understand what the host - mom said ."""
The writer wants to tell us through the unusual stories , people learn appreciate persons provide help	"""people do n't know how to appreciate others in the age of e - mail and cell phone"""
You can stay in deep water for a long time because take tanks air	'you can skin diving'
In the author 's opinion , those who spend money on expensive houses and cars live high little saved	'Have accumulated wealth in another sense .'
What is the main problem discussed in this article ? Outdoor exercise .	'Mental illness .'
"The "" public chopsticks and spoons "" are used to put food plates guests"	'share the food together'
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Investing allowed pay debts .	'Investing enabled him to achieve his life goals .'
The first watercolor artists were early cave men	'English artists of the 18th century'
How can someone get a suspended coffee ? He drink one cafe prepaid coffees .	'He can buy one in a cafe offering the service .'
By climbing walls you can gain controlled experience	'take part in group - climbing events'
According to the passage , which of the following might a Chinese not do when he 's ill ? Keep silent .	"""Go to the doctor 's ."""
Although heroes may come from different cultures , they generally possess certain inspiring characteristics	'probably share some weaknesses of ordinary people'
The purpose of putting a place on the World Heritage List is taken better care	'to get more money and help from other countries'
If you are interested in arts , where can you go for a visit ? Union room 108	'Union room 423'
When a consumer finds what he bought has a fault in it , he should first show something provable written form store	'writer a firm letter of complaint to the store'
What is the theme shared by all the three festivals ? The wish peace happiness world .	'Celebrating the end of the year .'
If you are disabled the author suggests you find whether get money	'provide evidence for the social department'
When he was in the countryside , Daae did NOT make fortune weddings festivals	'teach his daughter how to sing'
According to the passage , which of the following is probably NOT suffering from the lack of Barbers	'Banks .'
What did the young man want to be ? A gemologist	'A stone maker'
Some business executives were sending their children to study in the Chinese mainland so that their children could well business operations	'could receive better education'
The purpose of asking your child to repeat what you say is help remember hears	'to play a simple game he may find fun'
In the author 's opinion , people feel awkward at a social gathering because may feel different others	"""they do n't like the people there"""
The best title of the passage can be Say Our Love Publicly	'An Amazing Story'
What do you know about Maldives ? It nation tiny coral islands .	'It has a floating golf course .'
What Tom did n't do when he was on the island ? Made ship .	'Built a little hut .'
What has been done to deal with the problem of drunk driving ? Some organizations set drunk driving .	'Mothers have tried to persuade their children not to drink alcohol .'
"By saying , "" I have been running my mouth long enough . "" The speaker means , "" I talked much ."	'I have been a mouthy person'
In many ways learning has the power to transform us , so which of the following does NOT belong to the ways ? We longer life .	'We can become more successful through learning .'
Before you do rope jumping , you must try whether rope right	'try whether the rope will be strong enough'
According to most people , investment banking serves way make fortune	'cheats people out of their money'
Compared with the GATT , the WTO better settle disputes areas international trade	'has got too many areas of international trade to deal with to work effectively'
To repay the sea anemone , the striped clown fish helps catch fish	'paralyzes small fish for him'
The author was nervous before the performance because never performed public	"""she had n't mastered the entire piece"""
What have you learnt from the story ? The old couple free meal end	'The old couple paid the meal by small change .'
According to Butler , tropical rainforests are good for the climate regulate atmospheric gases rainfall	'because they increase rainfall throughout the whole world'
What do the policy experts argue about carbon pollution ? Whether companies pay .	'Whether taxpayers could get profit from it .'
According to the author , which of the following are more likely to communicate directly ? Western men	'Western women'
Why may Justin Bieber be sent into suborbital space ? To arouse American public 's interest .	'To help reform the spaceflight industry .'
Linda was not sure if Mrs. Smith could remember her because   words	'she liked reading'
The team from the country won because team better writer 's	"""they did n't practice before the game"""
What would be the best title for this text ? The history skydiving	'The popularity of skydiving'
What is the purpose of the text ? To provide information development barcodes .	"""To describe shop owners ' opinions of barcodes ."""
When Lloyd Nickson dies , he will face death calm characteristic euthanasia	'experience the suffering of a lung cancer patient'
Which of the following theme parks can save you most on Easter Day ? Legoland Windsor	'Drayton Manor Theme Park .'
Halong Bay is mentioned by the writer to tell us polluted seriously	'it looks beautiful with plastic bottles'
You should not drop math because it can help improve your ability logical thinking	'ability of finding a job'
The participants of the new study physical disability	'use a formal sign language to express numbers'
Alice made up her mind to be a nurse little child	'when she began to study in a big hospital'
In the story , the writer ended up enjoying free beach holiday	'heading for Spain from Jamaica'
According to the passage , living in a homestay can provide all the opportunities EXCEPT solve problems homestay family	'to experience Canadian family life'
In the author 's opinion , it is a pity that there are fewer old general stores now because less personal contact manager customer .	'the supermarket manager has more problems than before'
To keep the airport developing sustainably , it is advised to try produce renewable energy	'make full use of natural water'
How to choose what is best for us ? We need put away time .	'We need to devote all our life to others .'
According to Bronislaw Malinoski , a phatic communication helps establish keep certain relationships	'is rarely used by Asian people'
That the turkey Courage was pardoned was decided by public	'President Truman'
Why is the following year a little more difficult for the author 's friend ? Because n't well work .	'Because she lives too far away from work .'
Why was the writer attracted by the book Best Loved Poems to Read Again and Again ? Something cover caught eye .	'Her mother was reading it with interest .'
According to the article , what causes a star to die ? As gases run , cools .	'It crashes into other stars .'
Why did Daryl first leave the girl by the side of the road ? He n't want late .	'He knew that someone else would help .'
Visitors are warned not to bike to the Carnival because bike - parking stations nearby	'roads to the Carnival area are closed to bikes'
What can we conclude from the passage ? The writer overcame loss helping others .	'The writer taught the children to sing in English .'
When Zhang Ning started drawing manga , Japanese cartoonists took majority Chinese market .	'Chinese cartoonists could earn so much money .'
What caused the change of Tony ? His father 's accident .	'The loss of his interest in playing with his friends .'
What is the text mainly about ? The live action remakes animated films .	'An advertisement of an animated film Mulan .'
If you are angry with somebody , you should treat positively instead negatively	"""attend Hart 's course"""
Where do Tom and John play video games ? At Tom 's house	"""At Ann 's house"""
Van Gogh 's style of painting was similar classical art	'different from classical art'
What did the author think of Katie ? She performed well school .	'She often made trouble at school .'
The engineer who repaired the machine was right in charging $ 100 because charging knowledge expert skills	'he hit the machine to get it started again'
Why did n't father bring mother home when she was ill ? Because n't know wanted	"""Because he did n't know she was in hospital"""
The passage tells us that a person 's optimum number of working hours partly determined sort work	'should be determined before he gets too tired'
What is the text mainly about ? A valuable educational project farmers	'A best - selling mobile phone'
What is the best title for the passage ? Smart Polluters	'The West Nile Virus'
The Chinese drink tea get together	'in a special ceremony'
Young people like Hip - pop dancing because invent moves	'many young black people often dance it'
According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true when a person is in a state of deep relaxation ? Muscles become tense body sweats easily .	'The body takes in less oxygen .'
Tom saw a lot of things on the way to the mountain except clear water	'green trees'
Why did the farmer decide to go to see a doctor in the town ? Because pain n't seem get better .	'Because the doctor in the village had been unable to save him .'
The writer of the passage mainly wants us to know importance friendship .	'some proverbs about culture .'
The writer e - mailed her sister tell family problem	"""hoping she 'd e - mail the boy"""
The main purpose of the article is to teach people protect homes	'encourage people to spend money on home security systems'
How do you understand the last sentence of this passage ? We get stuck achieve real growth .	'Our body is trapped and stops growing .'
What lesson did the author learn from the taxi driver ? How better service business .	'How to make the best use of time .'
Young people will hate themselves when actions conflict ideas	'they avoid doing things they dislike'
The suggested way for you to rebook your flight is phone	'by changing another airline'
The man came to the restaurant find restaurant working	'to see how Mary served customers'
What did n't Ugo Perego and his team do ? They focused life styles original women .	'They studied how long each branch had developed .'
Before you arrive at work on the first day , you should dress right way	'know your co - workers well'
.It can be seen from the passage that the expansion of America 's elderly population provide good job opportunities many areas	'may lead to nursing home abuse and age discrimination'
When Grennan came to the Little Princes Children 's Home . children felt excited	'18 children were ill in bed'
Grant Wood chose the two models describe traditional roles men women	'to praise the moral virtue of rural America'
What is predicted to happen in the U.S. ? The boom pay phone business .	'The dissppearanceof credit cards .'
Elephants are very sad when lose female family	'a bull leaves their family'
Where did the salt for the hotel come from ? The salt desert .	'A salt field .'
If you are a giver , which of the following would you do ? I willing give hand .	'I should be responsible for my life'
"What can we know about "" self - driving "" chairs from the text ? They inventions car company ."	'They are intended for queuing diners .'
According to the text , the City Bike program popular American cities	'was first set up in New York'
The topic of the meeting in Seoul might be global warming	'London Olympics in 2012'
Some scientists believe that . earth growing warmer	'we can find oil in our forests'
"What do we learn about "" Literature Study "" ? It uses novel textbook ."	"""It will develop children 's art skills ."""
London Police Force is famous in the world , because provides excellent service	'the police officers work on horses'
What might be the best title for the passage ? The Disappearing Night .	'The Magic light .'
From the passage , we can know the writer is a mother	'father'
In an East African town , the people try not to see you . This is because good manners	"""they do n't want to talk with you"""
The project that Chan started provides education for children kindergarten 12th grade	'the 4th and 5th graders at school'
How can students create self - confidence ? By right .	'By being punished when cheating .'
The author mentioned stories of two women in order to prove idea	'stress the importance of good hair'
According to the passage , public interest advertising is mainly used by all the following EXCEPT cinemas	'government services'
The writer 's wife thought that his colleagues felt threatened because competitive newcomer	'he hung around with students'
The best title of the passage may be Eric , 102 , leaves Britain wife	'Eric and Doris King - Turner are packing their bags'
Mr White boy	'told the nurse that Mr White wanted a boy'
What can we learn about Zhou Yunyun ? He spend Spring Festival - line friends .	'He feels very lonely on campus .'
Which may be the best title of this passage ? A flying cat	'God sent her a cat'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned about the man 's change ? He liked helping neighbours .	'He started calling his kids .'
After 52 years of separation , they lot talk phone	'sent each other photographs of their family'
What does Helen do when she is with Betty ? Talk baby sister	'Talk about her new school'
Why was the author unhappy at the end of the weekend ? They found car n't repaired .	"""They did n't have enough money to rent a car to go home ."""
What is TRUE about the music show ? The festival includes many kinds music .	'Tickets for the concerts cost more than PS3.00 .'
The main purpose of the passage is to introduce cruise ships big events 2014	'persuade readers to take cruise ships for 2014 holiday'
Why did Sharon want to share the tomatoes ? There many consume .	'Her neighbors did the same thing .'
This text is most probably written by A specialist teenager studies	'a parent with teenage children'
It can be inferred that John Pressman knows Portia 's experience	"""changes Jeremiah 's transcript"""
When you study , you should think about homework	'good study habits'
The best title   of the passage is Passing help	'A broken car'
How do human genomes read according to the passage ?    From one direction time .	'Only from left to right .'
Mr. Flowers ' good idea was to     give boys something else throw stones	'write some words on the glass'
Jane wants to volunteer in Tiny Tot Preschool . She should like singing songs kids	'be good at English'
How does Alex 's dad help ? He prints fliers .	'He helps them sweep the snow .'
From the passage we can learn that Star Trek movie series based space exploration	"""Cape Canaveral was mentioned in Jules Verne 's fiction"""
The writer 's purpose in writing this passage is to tell teenagers learn decide things	'parents how to control and guide their children'
What does Caitlin Mewborn most probably think about the fact that no trays are provided in the campus ' dining halls ? It efficient cutting food waste .	"""It does n't help cut food waste much ."""
When did Jane become conscious again ? After back platform .	'After the police and fire officials came .'
What do we know about Little Princes Children 's Home ? Many children ended due illegal trade .	'The children in it are all orphans .'
Why did the author let the two children in ? To serve cocoa food	'To show off her matched cups and saucers'
The staircase analogy implies that . goals reached step step	'tasks can be solved under the guide of the teacher'
A person would be most likely to remember the dream that occurred woke	'occurred immediately after he went to sleep'
Before last month , toursits left Venice by ship through Giudecca Canal	"""the Contorta Sant'Angelo Canal"""
Pandora is different from the other websites of music in that always enjoy favorite music	'listening to music is free of charge'
Which of the following about Fleming 's son is NOT true ? He took place nobleman 's son .	"""He cured the nobleman 's son ."""
What is the text mainly about ? The benefit musical training .	'The effect of physical exercise .'
Which of the following CANNOT be inferred from the passage ? There many violent crimes UK ever .	'The study shows the small number of friends online probably upsets a teenager .'
According to the passage , children without experiencing nature will less healthy physically mentally	'change wild places and creatures for the better'
Which one is an example of spending money on experiences ? Going bar friends .	'Purchasing a table .'
Jim Hatfield decided to become a do - it - yourself when car repairs cost much	'the car repair class was not helpful'
Which of the following benefits people the most according to the passage ? Baked salmon	'Fried white fish'
What do Schwartz and Muhlethaler expect to figure out in the next research ? Whether swing extend sleep time .	'Whether swing can change brain waves .'
In the book Life of Pi the hyena is killed by Richard Parker	'Pi'
The low unemployment in Bra proves that Slow City Movement successful	'the slow concept works well only in its birth place'
"According to John Harrison , to be qualified in the""cool field "" , it is helpful to degree related subjects"	'find out new flavors each day'
Why did John talk about the weather when the writer was looking at the bill ? Because n't want writer check bill carefully .	"""Because it 's a good way to communicate with each other ."""
What can we learn about the participants of the study ? About 10.22 million n't received CT scans .	'Some of them had developed cancer at the age of 19 .'
Which of the following is Eleanor Johnson 's view on text messaging ? It causes increase writing mistakes .	'It helps students learn informal expressions .'
Why did the author feel sad at her sister 's wedding ? Her wonderful childhood sister become thing past .	'Her sister was getting ready to move far away from her .'
Which of the following would be most interested in New Education training program ? A business student .	'A Chinese tourist .'
When the music starts , the players must walk around chairs	'sit on the chairs'
What do you think the policeman would do in the end ? Apologize Mr. Williams .	'Give Mr. Williams his notebook and pencil .'
The passage mainly deals with Japanese learners obtain goals	'how to overcome difficulties and break more records'
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? Preparations APEC China	'APEC is held in China'
What did Aghta Christie do ? wrote books .	'She knew famous detectives .'
What is the main idea of the story ? Everybody value world .	'Everybody should learn to play different roles'
Why does Miss Lee love the idea of the food they will eat ? Because cheap easy .	'Because they are like for a graduation party .'
The writer did n't notice the object on the road because careless driving	"""she did n't use her headlights"""
Judith Martin 's experience tells that interpersonal distance in social interaction is determined by cultural background	'personal preference'
What can you learn from this passage ? Good behaviors c ) good habits ae important person .	'All gentlemen can choose the right person by using their eyes .'
We can learn form the passage that Mrs Hanson popular well - admired campus	'is troublesome at college because of her old age'
Compared with those of today , computers used to large expensive	'be easy to use'
Lucy Long long hair	'has long arms'
Why did people shout at each other at the party ? They could n't hear music .	'They were very glad to make new friends .'
"What is the purpose of the huge programme""the Great Green Wall "" ? To stop deserts moving towards Beijing ."	'To plant as many trees as possible in Beijing .'
Why did n't the other three lawyers help the little birds in the grass ? Because n't think worthwhile .	'Because they had forgotten about the birds .'
More and more parents are expecting their kids to try best achieve	'make a big fortune in sports'
The purpose of the text is give information Granny Look	'to make children have a memorable holiday'
Which of the following is considered impolite in Britain ? Refuse invitation without telling anyone .	'Write a thank - you note after a visit .'
Which of the following is not the aim of People to People program ? To collect money traveling .	'To make American culture known to others .'
The ball is easier to hold on to    friction greater	'when it bounces strangely'
In order to make kids follow their advice , parents should arouse kids ` desire express .	'tell their kids to listen carefully'
In foreign countries a tug - of - war team men players equal number side	'has eight men or women players'
What did the old soldiers do more than 70 years ago ? They took part war .	'They worked hard for the parade .'
Which of the following is NOT true about the tower ? It repaired 1990 1998 .	'It will need to be repaired again in 200 years .'
In B - certified companies , employees can go work time day	'work on any days they choose'
A good title for this passage would be The Power Mind	'Mind and Body'
From Fannie Mae 's survey report , we can know that renters prefer become    homeowners	'parents need to buy a house for    their children'
What made Grandma feel uncomfortable ? The strange appearance teen .	"""The skateboard under the teen 's arm ."""
In the passage Byron 's Pool is described as a lake surrounded fields	'owned by Lord Byron'
Which of the following can be put in the blank in the text ? Try traveling different time	'Choose a job that has flexible working hours'
In an Outward Bound course last year , the most exciting experience Michael Williams had was rock climbing sailing	'learning first aid skills'
What made the author find he had walked the wrong way ? He n't see hill .	"""He did n't see the house ."""
"According to "" Reading Nooks "" , a nook is space certain purpose"	'a club that children may join'
Who do you think the passage is written mainly for ? Teachers .	'Students .'
The bus driver hoped that the writer would help someone need	'would drive someone home'
What would be the best title for the passage ?    Beauty Is Not Just Skin Deep .	'A World - famous Beauty expert'
People call us useless students for the reason that living skills poor	"""we 've entered higher education"""
What can change a substance in the skin into vitamin D ? Ultraviolet light sun .	'Fish liver oil .'
Where are Mr. Brown and Mr. Black ? In park	'On the chair'
What made Selfridge build a department store in London ? His confidence business success .	'His desire to own a department store .'
According to the writer , which of the following about Jim is TRUE ? His study needed attention parents teachers .	'His parents always scolded him about his bad school marks .'
Which of the following is TRUE about Agent Orange according to the article ? The writer felt sad sorry put local people .	'It was used by the US military to hurt ordinary Vietnamese .'
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Making Good Expression	"""Do n't Be Nervous"""
"The saying form Benjamin Franklin "" Those things that hurt , instruct "" suggests that pain teaches us important lessons"	'we do not learn when we are in pain'
As teenagers , what should we do to stop food waste ? Have good habit clearing plate .	'Eat less food to keep fit .'
"The writer proves "" School starts too early "" by experiments"	"""observing students ' behaviour"""
Peter 's parents are very rich	'poor'
What lesson can we learn from this passage ? Never follow blindly matter many people something .	'Never drink any alcohol no matter where you are .'
Which of the following is written in a poetic style ? Out Dust .	'Anne of Green Gables .'
NVDA won an award in the program of the ABC 's New Inventors because it influences people ' lives	'is aiming at blind people'
How did the author react when her mother first wanted her to go to the best college in the country ? She though impossible go college .	"""She did n't want to go to college at all ."""
"What does "" I got a very clear picture of myself "" mean ? I came know clearly time ."	'The picture I got this time was clearer than those I had got before .'
Who is responsible to get the number of the homeless population according to the passage ? Government agencies .	'The homeless themselves .'
What is special about the pens produced in 1234 PENS ? Their material less harmful earth .	'Their price is much lower in the pen market .'
Movies to shown in the festival cover different subjects .	'are directed by Ms. Gardner'
At last the waiter came back with an umbrella , because mushroom Jack drew looked like umbrella	'Jack was good at drawing'
Which of the following is TRUE about vitamin D according to the passage ? It helpful bodies .	'It makes us worried by affecting our brains .'
One can practise spoken English in everyday situations in Modern English	'21st Century School Edition'
It can be known from the parents that workers camps responsible ones	"""Kate 's son will attend the camps with his friends next time"""
How did William and Anna get to know each other first ? Anna , film star , walked William 's book store .	"""Anna was invited to visit William 's book store ."""
After Nolbu 's money was stolen , . brother helped	'his brother gave him a seed'
Why do we have few true friends when we reach our thirties ? Because busy future .	"""Because we do n't need true friends ."""
Which of the following is true of Jules ' Undersea Lodge ? It offers diving course beginners .	'It is built l5 m beneath the sea .'
A possible reason for workers ' unwillingness   to accept more leisure is that earn less money	'they view leisure a challenge to Japanese traditions'
We can learn from the passage that the sales actually start end December	'are a time to buy Christmas gifts in a romantic way'
According to the article , Cynthia Lee Katona 's opinion of deep reading is that makes better writer	'it helps build better family relationship'
According to the passage the purpose of proposing the idea of a farm scraper is to    find places produce enough food	'serve food that are truly locally grown'
In the answer letter to Maureen Harkavy , the airline 's chairman actually completely agreed pilot said	'said that she had the right to smoke on his plane'
The article is mainly about link people 's mood gene	"'the reason for the foundation of "" happiness workshops ""'"
When he was in college , why was the writer sad when he returned to his family home ? He realized visitor .	'He recognized the old housed and land .'
Why did the judged ask Protagoras and Evalthus to come to the court one hundred years later ? They could n't make decision .	'They wanted more money from them .'
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? Work Happiness	'Work and Productivity'
Parents in the United States tend to ask their children waste food	'not to save food'
Why did Gregory turn from making sculptures to creating homes ? He wanted help homeless .	'He had no home to live in .'
Why did the writer stop her car ? To consider judge situation .	'To prevent the car breaking down .'
Recognizing these mirrors helps us accept bad parts	"""change others ' behaviors"""
The young woman asked the hitchhiker to clear the screen because This way thought get rid	'the hitchhiker was very helpful'
What can be inferred from the text ? Dr Syed love devotion parents .	'Dr Syed donated his kidney to his mother directly .'
At first the owner of the shop thought that Tom wanted sell trousers	'wanted to buy the trousers'
Which of the following suggestions is not given to the receiver in the letter ? How adapt college life quickly .	'To make new friends .'
Henry gets less money because unskilled work	"""he is n't polite to the farmer"""
How did the writer try to improve his handwriting ? He practiced writing mainly .	'He joined a handwriting training class .'
The suggestion made by the organization is to solve the problem that enough space building cities land	'there are too many people on land'
The carts would n't stay still because earth shaking	'the sea sucked them backwards'
The donkey was way work	'pleased to see so many cars and buses'
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Bruce finally gave job writer .	'Bruce was willing to help the writer .'
The two pieces of advice suggest that planting is closely related to    season	'cutting'
The teacher give the young boy an F because thought unrealistic dream young boy .	'he thought he came from an itinerant family .'
What did the monkeys do when the farmer was on the doorsteps ? They ran away .	'They ate some of the apples .'
According to the passage , flowers planted alone will grow fewer leaves planted strangers	'grow more leaves than those planted in groups'
"By saying "" anxious social climbers "" , the writer refers to mean adults"	'ambitious young people'
We can infer that at first the writer n't sure whether accept job teach China	"""was n't interested in teaching abroad at all"""
The best title for the passage is Self - help tips passengers	'Fastening your seat belts'
The mimic visits the zoo to perform earn money	'beg some money from the zoo keeper'
Greg loves traveling    car	'by train'
What can we infer from the passage ? John Henry regarded hero .	'It was easy for laborers to find work .'
What is the aim of the youth run of L. A. ? To inspire affected disasters give hand .	'To raise as much money as possible to help the old and young .'
The text is intended to state historian 's ideas	'attract readers to study history'
What is the purpose of this passage ? To persuade people reduce waste .	'To teach people how to enjoy Christmas .'
Many record companies refused to co - operate    with her because looks young small	"""she does n't sing very well"""
As her income increased , found gap emerged husband	'she did the many things she and her husband dreamed of'
What is the reason for the price rise of Spring Festival dinner according to the passage ? The cost dinner	'The location of the restaurant'
What do I see ? A woman big dog .	'A dog'
Good music helps people remove stress mainly by making people think positively	'letting people have a good sleep'
""" To show something "" means ""   let people look"	'to feed it to the dogs'
What can we infer from the passage ? The majority web users think highly parade .	'The parade led to a heated discussion on the line .'
After the accident , the boy depended wholly brother	'decided to live with his brother'
Why does the writer call on everyone to set his / her own goal ? Because everyone 's future determined .	"""Because everyone 's future is to do simple work ."""
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? Outdoor education benefits kids lot	'Forest kindergartens are popular'
Based on the passage , traveling to the planets will be exciting dangerous	"""man 's first step"""
DeBolt thought it was not a good idea to grow fuel crops because would make food problems worse	'fuel crop has little use for local farmers'
Verne 's story is very similar to Apollo II mission	"""Leonardo da Vinci 's story"""
Banerjee 's parents wanted him to continue to work invention	'use the new Braille writer'
The major purpose for the writer to write this passage is impress readers interesting story	'to encourage the readers to help him find the thief'
"With the help of the "" cones "" , we can tell orange yellow"	'tell different shapes'
---Why is the boy so happy to buy them ?   ---Because hamburger delicious	'the hamburger is cheap .'
What did the author challenge her friends to do ? Contact someone need help .	'Turn to their friends for help .'
From the ads we can conclude that better education 've received , money 'll make	"""you 'll be better paid in Wilson Bookstore than in Fairmont Hotel"""
The author may advise people choose canola oil instead olive oil	'to keep on eating olive oil to keep healthy'
The Crystal Palace was famous to all because made iron glass	'it is the biggest building in the world'
Which of the following can not help to reduce energy consumption effectively ? Using electronic products small size .	'Building energy - efficient houses .'
What can be inferred from what Burlakoti says ? The effect rule remains seen .	'The rule will be applied to other mountains .'
This passage is mainly about danger much drinking , smoking eating	'enjoying pleasures after a busy day'
Terence is toy bear	'an air force officer'
According to the text , low self - esteem give teenagers mental health problems	'can make teenagers self - centered'
The author never made any complaints because never short anything	'he had many good friends'
They put photos in newspapers or put posters because they think missing persons might come back reading	'people will tell them what will happen to the missing persons'
There is a controversy over the STEEM Peanut Butter because it contains caffeine	'peanut'
Tyler changed after privilege decide	'losing control in class'
What is probably the best title for the passage ? Purple Songs Can Fly	'A Kind Woman -- Anita Kruse'
""" After that , people turned their heads away from Clinton when they met him . "" From the sentence we know that people look upon"	'Clinton refused to see his friends'
Which of the following statements is not included in the rules listed in the passage ? Light stairs time .	'Keep matches out of the reach of small children .'
What probably enables Moris Topaz to sleep so little and still keep energetic ? His devotion work .	'His anxiety about the hospital .'
Where is the bank ? Across narrow lane .	'Between a school and a park .'
We can learn from the passage that body language is helpful in the following ways EXCEPT decide success	'it makes other people believe you'
According to Kilner , people like taking selfies probably because they think allows satisfy expectations appearances	'it is a good chance to learn more about their actual faces'
Who are the intended readers of the passage ? Parents teenager children .	'School teachers .'
According to the passage , what do we know about the family with three children ? Their living condition quite poor .	'They had missed a bus to Birmingham .'
What happened to him first during his first day at school ? He together without students grouped .	'He was moved to tears by a sad story told by a girl .'
Many people like travelling by plane because fast	'the airport is fay from the city'
Where can you see unique and endangered animals in Australia ? The Great Barrier Reef	'Daintree Rainforest'
According to the article , Gliese 581 g right distance star	'can be reached in about 220 years'
How should you write an official email ? Write subject clearly simply .	'Include all the details in the email .'
The writer 's roommate advised the writer to take some money with him share cost meal	'to invite Lynne to dinner'
Businessmen talk about weather before a meeting    everyone present feel relaxed	'because weather is very important to American people'
Who might originally have had an influence on Billie Holiday 's career in music ? Clerence Holiday .	'Sadie Fagan'
In western college libraries a postgraduate can access books study resources	'borrow as many books as they want'
Sun Lakes State Park is different from others in that made lakes valleys	'a river runs through the whole park'
Henry did n't have much schooling because family poor .	'he spent much time on watching football match'
Who is the passage probably written for ? Teachers .	'Schools .'
We know from the letter that Zhang Ning 's parents hard	'Zhang Ning wishes to study all the time'
Why is it not easy for commuting students to be accepted as adults ? They behave like children .	"""Home rules do n't take full effect ."""
Adams did not bother to do any preparation because well - thought - plan .	'he knew the committee members well .'
Which of the following is NOT true about Albrecht Durer ? He n't begin earn living graduation .	'He intended to support his brother after graduation .'
James is at home weekends	'from Sunday evening to Friday afternoon'
""" All hands on deck "" means ""    All sailors gather deck"	'Put your right hand and left hand on deck'
"Why does the writer have""health""as one of his three words ? He 's gaining weight feeling bad ."	'He wants to take better care of others .'
Which is the direct reason for the lady 's move to a nursing home ? Her husband passed away .	'She is 92 years old .'
From the passage we know that every family outback special medicine chest	"'a "" flying doctor "" is a man who flies people to hospital'"
Why does n't Jenny Brazeal like to buy things on line ? She n't like give personal information others	"""She does n't know what she is going to buy"""
Visitors can make a subscription to the museum newsletter   . Museum Shop	'in the museum lot'
The rich told the servant that there was poison in the two bottles , because want servant drink wine	'he wanted to kill the servant'
Which position prefers a woman candidate ? Senior Admin . Asst .	'a good command of English'
The writer thinks the best way to learn new words is to listening	'learn the spelling'
"Why do people call Picasso "" the youngest painter in the world "" ? He always tried find new things ."	'He looked too young for his age .'
Which do you think is the best title for the passage ? Change room change life .	'How does positive and negative energy come to you ?'
Mr. Shirky predicted that Web users would never pay websites	'companies on the Internet would earn a lot of money'
The teachers are working talking students	'playing with the students'
According to the text , young people tend to things without thinking carefully ahead	'think in the same way as their parents do'
What does Jay say about the effect of art ? It makes emotional impression people .	'It can help more money to be donated to people in need .'
Ms Fraser mentions those famous women to show sport help girls succeed	"""it 's necessary to balance work and sport"""
We can learn from the story that Kate Anderson took Vansant 's car away chance	'fould unlock any car with her special key'
The purpose of the passage is to raise good summer reader	'encourage parents to read'
To help them overcome the problems , we should not solve every problem	'be a good listener if they need to talk'
Many American kids like to collect baseball cards	'baseballs'
According to the author , hot pot is popular in China because fun social experience	'it keeps people warm in winter and it is creative'
Which is the best title of this passage ? A mother 's letter world	'How to teach my son .'
Some students left the classroom because happy grade teacher would give	"""they knew the teacher did n't like them to take the test"""
Why did the poem become a classic ? It describes true love little girl pet lamb .	'A statue of lamb was built in the town of Sterling .'
Which of the following about Glastonbury Festival is NOT true ? It usually held rainy days .	'It celebrates the longest day of the year .'
Fruit flies were used in the research because share similar genes humans	'they love to eat apples'
How did Luke win the competition for the job of National Philanthropy Manager ? By many good deeds .	'By writing down good deeds .'
Which of the following can be done by Rain Man ? He count matches dropped floor quickly .	'He can play wonderful pieces of classical music .'
According to the text , what may help us make better decisions ? To learn process decision - making .	'To make many decisions at a time .'
The soldiers go to Afghanistan because performing duty resident	'they want to become heroes in the war'
What will we learn if we are thankful for the things we have every day ? To thankful .	'To develop our talents .'
If you are attending a show at the Opera House , advised arrive 15 minutes performance begins	"""you do n't have to buy a ticket for your child"""
In the writer 's opinion , smoking does good to nobody	'young people'
Unlike other teen books , A Wind In Montana based real - life experiences	'deals with some imaginary situations'
What does Mrs. Green buy these apples for ? The party	'Mrs. White'
are the right persons to attend to the children while the parents work outside . Those focus virtue	'Those who ignore the good manners'
Which of the following statements would Professor Martin Bertau agree with ? Germanium extracted plants large quantities type extraction becomes industrialized .	'People from related industries showed no interest in extracting germanium from plants .'
Their pencil - boxes are desks	"""on Li Lei 's desk"""
John went to a shop     For new clothes .	'getting some new trousers'
Why did the father not ask his son not to do this and do that ? Because felt quite confident son .	"""Because he did n't want to be much too strict with his son ."""
What can be the best title of this passage ? New Guards .	'Engineers and Robots .'
"Why did scientists call the glass reef a "" kindergarten "" ? Because babies many sea creatures grow well ."	'Because all the species call the reef home .'
Bear Valley Teen Adventure Camp provide campers instructions	'requires participants to have all climbing abilities'
The purpose of all the efforts made in turning out TV commercials is   persuade people buy product	'to make them as interesting as TV movies'
In what way does the author benefit from geocaching ? He 's familiar city .	'He has found much treasure .'
According to the Dana 's design , space junk in her satellite destroyed heat upper atmosphere	'will be broken apart in the trash container'
According to the passage , which country will enjoy the biggest increase in 2009 ? China .	'Russia .'
We know from the text that Patrick Henry Hughes admires father greatly .	'began to play the piano at age two'
The text is mainly about experience research pollution	'an unforgettable talk with an old man .'
Which of the following leads to Jobs 's downfall at Apple ? The Macintosh	'The Apple III .'
If you see a road sign that says ' Diversion ' , you will take different road	'find that the road is blocked by crowds of people'
In the third advertisement , the baby - sitter should accept flexible working hours	'work two days a week'
Which of the following is NOT well accepted by British people ? Scuba diving .	'Rock climbing .'
In what way is Ricci quite different from other artists ? He cares little fame .	'He lacks talent in art work .'
What do we know about the brothers ? They finally realized mistakes .	'They liked building bridges .'
How can a participant get a free meal ? By cycling produce electricity .	'By linking a smart phone to a bicycle .'
Most Japanese high school students often have their lunch homeroom classrooms	'in school cafeterias'
What is the popular image of the teenagers today ? They quarrel lot family members .	'They dislike living with their parents .'
What can we learn about a spa ? It provides services .	'It is a center for rich people to relax .'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a reason for airline delays ? A growing population .	'Bad weather .'
When did the drop of water fall on the ant ? When nearly dying .	"""When it saved the ant 's life ."""
In the writer 's opinion , the most effective way in learning English is practise speaking , writing feeling	'to memorize the English words and grammatical rules'
According to Caitlin Kelly , performing regular duties well important	'doing a simple job well will bring you a sense of success'
Many people came to see Elizabeth when she graduated n't believe would famous future	'because they wanted to congratulate her on being a doctor'
What does the author mainly want to show in the passage ? Life determined attitude towards .	'Life has beauty and tragedy .'
What troubles industries most in dealing with the dangerous waste problem ? How cut related costs .	'How to store harmful waste .'
People in the class acted strangely because I mistook homework	"""the teacher 's face turned to a stone"""
Which is the possible reason why Ebola spreads in West Africa quickly ? Three western countries share border .	'The Ebola river is polluted by the virus .'
Some middle schools in Australia have banned students from carrying mobile phones school	'because they are students'
What did the writer decide to do when he saw friends shopping for Father 's Day presents ? Buy present mother .	'Help his mother .'
On January 16 , 1996 , the daughter felt that her father seemed little different	'had no time to phone her as usual'
Which of the following is Not right ? Bill Ann still playing basketball .	'The students all look happy in the morning .'
Jack goes into the restaurant because ca n't find seat station	'he misses the bus for Beijing'
Why did the elderly couple pay the bill of the two young couples ? Because happy pass love gained .	'Because they invited the young people to the meal .'
What 's the best title    of the passage ? My grandpa loves sports	'I have a kind grandpa'
The purpose of the article is to compare queuing two cultures	'call on people in China to queue more'
The writer uses a question at the beginning of the passage to attract readers ' attention topic	"""show how weak older people 's brains are"""
"The explorers in H. G. Well 's story were surprised to find that the "" moon people "" lived many underground cities"	'were ahead of them in space technology'
At last the thief runs away	'is after Mr. Smith'
The FBI was begun in order to fight crimes scientifically	'bring young men into police work'
Why did the public first disapprove of digital photography ? The pictures good film camera .	'It used dangerous chemicals to develop its pictures .'
People who are into Lomo are mostly 20 years old	'about 9 years old'
The best title for this passage is Meeting Disasters During Honeymoon	'Newly - wed Couple Met Australian Floods'
Miss Wang loves job	'hates to teach English'
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? A Test Love	"""Do n't Judge a Book by its Cover"""
What was Tommy 's hobby ? Playing badminton .	'Keeping dogs .'
Which of the following is wrong according to the passage ? A woman went live husband big city .	'She wrote her parents that she was coming .'
According to the text , Tesla Autopilot n't safe crowded areas	'is truley self - driving'
What did Misbah desire most in his childhood ? Peace freedom .	'Money for his family .'
.What might be the best title for the text ? Rainforests Environment	'How to Save Rainforests'
What does Bob 's wife give him for dinner ? Some bread .	'Some fish .'
From the passage , we know that the king kind man	'was a miserly man'
The mistake on the stamps was made Mauritius	'at Mauritius Government House'
Which is the best title for this passage ? My schooldays	'My Best friends'
What would be the best title for the text ? Each day gift	'Arrange your mind every day'
Wealthy people in Britain have been hunting foxes to get entertainment	'limit the fox population'
The function of protein is make feel energetic	'to increase serotonin in your brain'
The knowledge one gains by traveling in a foreign country is often different one travel	'gained from the arguments about the country'
What can we infer from the passage ? People watch 1200-mile race net year .	'Over 50 boats will take part in the 300-mile race this year .'
A small party will be held Mr. Jones ' house	"""at Mr. Brown 's house"""
Which of the following is TRUE about the grandmother ? She felt sad star missing .	'She had never got a Christmas present from her husband .'
What 's Li Lei 's friend 's name ? Jack	'Li Lei'
Why is grouping children by ability becoming popular again ? Because academically beneficial different learners .	'Because grouping children should be done early in life .'
According to the text , people who suffer bladder cancer    often urine unusual smell	'can easily make dogs lie down'
Where does he get off the train at last ? next station work place	'before the train station'
The Car - puccino has its disadvantages EXCEPT that makes lot noise	'it runs at a very high cost'
What is the disadvantage    of picture signs ? They may different meanings different countries .	'They are not as interesting as word signs .'
Most probably , a man with Dutch courage would beat strange passer - without reason .	'speak to a Dutch uncle .'
Mr. Baker tried his best to catch the horse to beat	'find out the owner of the horse'
Where does lava come from ? It deep part earth .	'It comes from the earth surface .'
Kate and her family want to choose an activity during the May Day holiday , they can choose survival techniques	'abseiling and rope climbing'
The whale 's explosion is the result of pressure gases building creature began rot	'the extremely busy traffic in the streets it passed by'
Before the stream reached the desert , she did n't worry journey ocean	'want to cross the desert'
Which of the following belongs to the type of moderate inflation ? Incomes relative prices rise slightly	'Inflation occurs at a rate of 100percent in a year'
What is the result of having HSAM ? All .	'She can remember every event in her daily life .'
If you have exercised too much , breathing take longer 5 minutes return normal finish exercising	'your breathing will return to normal within 5 minutes after finishing exercising'
Why are there few large animals in deserts ? They ca n't protect heat .	'They have difficulty in passing water .'
Jodie gave her father a big kiss mainly because unselfish	'he was hard - working'
What can we infer about Chris Richardson ? He used work salesman .	'He started traveling at an early age .'
David 's greatest problem is that ca n't treated adult bank .	"""he does n't know what to buy with the money ."""
Man will also have supersonic land travel century later	"""in a year 's time"""
Why did the writer stop his cart outside Sir Henry 's garden wall ? To make way bus .	'To watch Sir Henry water roses .'
What 's the advantage of traveling around London by taxi ? You go wherever want go	'You can visit the city easily'
Mr Smithis good at Spanish	'Chinese'
When it comes to the bills , every member is advised to pay / share money	'foot the bill for a fellow student'
For one who does n't mind traveling a lot , which of the positions above can be considered ? Senior Interior Designer .	'Female English Tutor .'
Economics can help one make better decisions because he learns weigh cost benefit	'all the practical economic theories'
Which of the following do intellectual property rights not cover ? Pirated music .	'Literary and artistic works .'
What 's the best title for the passage ? Teenage Rebellion	'Rebellion against Parents'
Which of the statements about Mary Cassatt is supported by the passage ? Her painting featured scenes everyday living	'She studied the paintings of the masters in U.S.A'
This article is particularly written for parents	'children'
What did the musician 's and the watchmen 's reactions to the author 's behavior mean ? They thought author right .	'They also wanted to help the poor girl .'
It can be learned from the article that drugs used control people 's serotonin levels	'people with the short variant of 5-HTTLPR prefer a flower to a snake'
"To make yourself a "" true photographer"",you better try set scene modes , lighting , zoom hand"	"""do n't need to learn the art of photography"""
"What do American people mean by asking for a "" doggie bag "" ? They take food home ."	'They will leave the food on the table .'
Food is stored in roots or stems in the form of starch	'sugar'
What Kazushi Arisawa said means He could n't find many customers .	"""He did n't care much about nuclear radiation ."""
According to the text , you lose your memory by hardly using brain	'using your brain too much'
Which of the following could be the best title for the passage ? A folk music hero	"""America 's own music"""
"By saying "" If I could do more for you I would ... "" , the old woman means would like help Molly much possible"	'she was an old friend of the author and can lend some money to them'
What CANNOT you read in Beijing Today ? fashion trends Paris .	'Skills in improving English'
According to a surgeon and psychologist , it is better to make reasonable decision	'change your appearance sooner'
A club is n't really a club if friends want join	"""its members are n't interested in music"""
"Consumers can buy the "" Talk to the Hand "" gloves mass produced"	'after they recycle the gadgets'
What did the author mainly want to show by mentioning his friend in high shool ? Friends respect one another .	'Making fun of friends is unpleasant .'
"The passage mentions "" the African savannah "" to show that color1 preference historical origins"	'women and men have different color1 preference'
What 's the coolest kind of transportation according to the passage ? A pair Heelys .	'A pair of common sports shoes .'
Why did Bob rarely smile when he was in front of the camera ? Because thought job matter much anyone .	'Because the weather report was boring .'
What 's Winston 's advice about ? How keep phone calls short .	'How to talk on the phone .'
Why might Robby have stopped coming to piano lessons suddenly ? His mother might seriously ill .	"""His mother died and he did n't need to play any longer ."""
Tests were carried out in outer space in order to prove theory	'find what causes the eyes to blink'
"The reason why Jung Ji Hoon is called "" Michael Jackson of Korea "" is that dancing skills amazing"	'he is a popular singer with a rich voice'
How large are the biggest kangaroos ? Bigger man .	'A quarter of a meter long .'
The writer likes Middle America best because    feels real character nation	'he likes sunshine and hates snow'
You feel in Macao you are back in the old days because go look old buildings forts pleasure	'you can watch dog - racing or motor - racing'
When does creativity become useful to us and others ? When thought turned action .	'When the popular stage is reached .'
Which of the following is TRUE according to the letter ? The writer visited Gramps quite often .	"""Cobb 's Toy Store is far from Gramp 's house ."""
What contribute most to their success according to the author ? Learning trial error .	'Opening chain stores .'
The trousers mentioned in the passage help make air pollution less	'have been created by a physics scientist and a fashion designer'
It can be inferred that the man in Advertisement 1 car	'is looking for a large newly furnished house .'
How did the goats react after eating the plants ? They started jumping .	'They wanted to eat more .'
Which of the following animals were NOT mentioned in the passage ? Cats .	'Rats .'
"According to the text , the expression "" get one 's act together "" commonly read readers newspaper 1978"	'originally came from a yearly report of a company'
Which of the following is NOT the reason for the decrease in the number penguins ? Natural disasters .	'Poisonous things in ocean waters .'
The movie The Talented Mr. Ripley tells us a story of a man who contributes helping man trouble	'goes sightseeing in Rome and Naples'
What would be the best title for this text ? What Do We Know Global Climate Change ?	'The Vast Majority of Climate Researchers'
In the passage the students are told to stop surfing , make friends	'break away from the Internet'
What do we know about the writer ? She n't pay enough attention Kevin .	'She used to show her love to Kevin .'
Kohl wanted to look for a homestay in China because he hoped learn Chinese language culture	'would like to make friends with Chinese families'
What does Roy want to be ? He wants best swimmer school .	'He wants to teach music at a school .'
In the writer 's opinion , it is rewarding on Black Friday If get want good price	"""if we do n't have to fight for the best deals"""
Scientists are still not sure about Kepler-78b     circles close host star	'how long it takes to orbit its parent star in a circle'
Santa Claus often puts the presents children 's stockings	"""under children 's beds"""
What happened to the author on September 11th , 1958 ? He got baby brother .	'He got a Christmas gift .'
The turning point in Saunders'life came when got mountain bike age 15	"""he started to receive Ridgway 's training"""
This article is probably from science magazine	'a story book .'
The match between AlphaGo and Lee Sedol is mentioned at the beginning of the article mainly to get reader think AI	'tell the reader AI has over the human brain'
According to the passage , an increase in industrial production can offer working opportunities	'ensure the safety of nuclear power'
The text is mainly about telling story pictures	'expressing feeling through pictures'
"Which of the following statements is WRONG about the second type of friend ? They called "" pest friends "" writer ."	"""You do n't share your secrets with them ."""
Why does Raghave think he can live a long life ? Because developed good living habits .	'Because his parents lived to be very old .'
John 's face turn red because feels shy	"""they do n't think him clever"""
When the three students fell into water , the university students were taking photos lake	'holding mourning ceremonies at the lake'
What can we learn about Newsmax magazine ? It comes monthly	'It can only be ordered online'
"The best title of this passage should be ""   Wild animals become extinct"	'Endangered animals in North America'
Why did the nail decide to quit ? Because angry sad without people 's praising .	'Because he knew a big nail would replace him .'
Antigua is a city challenging Pacaya tours start	'that gives a close - up view of Pacaya'
Which language is easy to learn ? The mother language .	'English .'
""" The old woman "" was probably a robber"	"""friend of the young lady 's"""
When did the author wear long hair ? In college .	'In middle school .'
When Marie was young , her family became poorer because Marie 's mother gave job	"""Marie 's father had a small salary"""
"We know from the text that "" IPCC "" engages climate changes earth ."	'works in the World Meteorological Organization'
What is the best title for the passage ? A Mistake Operating Room	'Tips for Patient Safety'
Who is the least likely to prefer a challenging job ? Construction workers .	'Social researchers .'
Why did Mr. Green stop his car ? Because saw old man .	'Because he found a hotel .'
Which students really need good teachers ? poorer students	'high school students'
Why were different colours of light used in the film Titanic ?     They used show difference rich poor .	'The use of light was the main technique the director made use of .'
What does Mr. Davis do at weekends ? He cleans floors makes beds .	'He cooks food for his wife .'
The writer suggests that students should wear clothes in the right way avoid   mistaken	'to help them feel comfortable'
In which way do most Chinese children seem to be spoiled ? Their demands always satisfied .	'They can play whenever they want .'
We can learn from the passage that Monty 's goal is to help patients wheelchairs recover	'return to the Army Rangers and continue with his jumps'
This passage is probably take from webpage	'text book'
The woman gives the man a piece of chocolate because wants enjoys film better	"""the piece of chocolate is the man 's"""
Which of the following can help save much oil ? Drive speed seldom changed .	'Accelerate quickly to get to the speed you want .'
Which of the following would the author probably agree with ? In scientific research , higher priority given understanding living systems .	'U. S. high - technology companies are welcoming this new change in scientific research .'
"The word "" Box "" in the phrase "" Think Outside of the Box "" means questions"	'the three people waiting for the bus'
The observation of weather conditions by satellites is helpful because it    shows things would otherwise take hours describe minutes	'makes weather prediction easier'
If you have already made an appointment with a lady at the ball , still duty find	'you wait and wait until it is your turn to dance with her'
When he was a small boy , books about the sea had made Sanders want to be sailor	'a life - saver'
What does the writer think of watching TV ? Something good , something bad	"""Children do n't need to watch TV"""
Lovemore began to live on the streets father 's second marriage	'after meeting a worker from the PCC'
What is Googlefight ? A website showing many hits two different things .	'A way to make sure you win an argument .'
What can we learn about Lily ? She n't treat mother - - law sincerely first .	"""Her mother - in - law did n't agree to her marriage ."""
If the students do as the experts say , they will enough energy study	'become fatter and fatter'
There are many benefits for the adult to learn instruments , which of the following is NOT RIGHT ? Show talents	'Earn additional IQ points .'
Towner Writer Squad will be started promote development young writers	'to train comedy and TV writers'
She has made up her mind to learn Tae Kwon Do mainly because wants protect others	'she wants to beat a strong man'
The boy knew everything time later	'when the teacher started talking about honesty'
Which of the following is TRUE about Shah Jehan ? He hoped buried together wife .	'He lost his power as a result of the Taj Mahal .'
We know from the passage that Canada richest supply fresh water world	'is a country with a large area and population as well'
The man who stole the books found Henry 's address     newspaper	'at the book store'
According to the last suggestion , the old people respected us	'have to gather more life experience'
Shiny 's great grandfather did n't win because he fell asleep race	"""did n't find the finish line"""
Which of the following is TRUE about Wu Jinyou ? He thinks highly devotion spirit Chinese researchers .	'He is sure that all the ten students will make good polar researchers .'
Which of the following would Brad agree with ? Everyone individual style humour .	'Everyone is as funny and witty as others .'
Kiwi birds got their name from unique cry	'the large size of their eggs'
What kind of people can become volunteers ? From 12-year - old people people 80s .	'Only old people .'
According to the passage , if you use navigation systems , you may miss really wonderful places	'find a boring trip actually exciting'
According to the article , where was Ling Qinghao born ? He born Anhui .	'He was born in Libya .'
Why did the cows , accept the robot easily ? Because moved steady pace .	'Because it allowed cows to walk at a fast speed .'
He wants to see a good doctor because feeling bad	'a good doctor is very expensive'
The author probably does NOT agree that in big cities 's unreasonable require tired people polite	"""it 's not uncommon to see people quarrel in public places"""
According to the passage , economics is studied to satisfy unlimited human needs limited resources	'produce better goods and services for all human beings'
What 's the purpose of mentioning Frank Lloyd Wright ? To introduce topic passage .	'To tell readers how to deal with leaking roofs .'
What was the Eiffel Tower originally designed for ? A Paris Exposition .	'Displaying a special framework structure .'
Raymond Schneider was set as an example to show many Americans recession like sweets comforting	'lots of Americans like candies'
"The word "" cheese""in the passage can refer to something depend living"	'change or challenge'
Why did the driver ask the old woman to clean that mirror ? The driver could get danger way .	'Only the old woman could do that .'
The illustrators'works will not be considered if they received day 15 October	'have already been published abroad before'
The husband likes shopping because likes compare prices items .	'he likes the shops .'
When Johnson was a child , learned lot developed broad outlook	'he made a decision to see the greatest rivers'
What 's the biggest problem Chinese soap operas face ? They n't pay enough attention writers .	'They came from the film industry .'
This article is supposed to be most useful for those want travel abroad	'who want to run business in other countries'
According to the article , monsters scary time fascinating	'can change into humans'
The chemistry exam in fact took students hour finish	'needed to be done by tossing a coin'
Why was Ken riding fast on his way home ? Someone following	'It was getting darker and colder'
In recent years , computers have become smaller smaller	'more and more difficult to use'
According to the passage , what helps promising microfilmmakers realize their dreams ? Small costs microfilms .	'The profits from microfilms .'
What topic is presented in this passage ? Devotion education .	'Politics and children .'
In order to educate children well , parents should know well set good example	'know as much as possible as their children'
Russell feels disappointed and sad when team loses game	'he has no hope for his team'
Where can we most probably read this text ? In newspaper .	"""In a student 's book ."""
Before you hike on the Appalachian Trail , you are advised to prepare bad weather emergencies	'bring some food for the wildlife there'
It can be concluded that to realize your big dreams , you need keep trying step step	'to create your life'
What part did she regard as the most important in her life ? Her family role .	'A top movie star .'
The successful executives must express distinctly	'change ideas face to face'
By going out with the natives , we can make friends	'learn the native language easily'
What is the passage mainly about ? Some places weekend break	'Unknown stories of Cambridge University .'
When the writer got home , found Christmas tree living room	'the Gates boy was cutting a Christmas tree for his mother'
You can see the book because reflects sunlight	'it has light of its own'
Why does Mandy say she is lucky ? Because host family bit far city 's heavy traffic noise .	'Because she is able to study in the best school in Thailand .'
How can the fisherman make more money in the businessman 's view ? To work longer catch fish .	'By selling his own business .'
According to the author , what should you do if you meet people who do n't appreciate you ? Show positive attitude toward .	'Try your best to fit in with them .'
Why did Chuck go home from the hospital ? He wanted people knew loved died .	'He got better and better .'
A good logo is easy remember	'easy to buy'
Which of the following does n't contribute to feeling rushed ? Eating together getting everybody finished	'Marketing of time - saving products .'
According to the text , the author thinks    lucky many chances get job	'it is difficult to find a job to make ends meet'
In the writer ' s opinion , Haddon makes the story feel real by writing Christopher 's point view	'making it easy to understand the story'
According to the author , how can freshmen improve knowledge ? Finish homework go class every day .	'Be able to learn something before a mid - term or final exam .'
What should the society do to carry out the help - each - other program ? The young help old .	'Elderly people help each other .'
Which is not mentioned as an effect of the meat and animal product diet ? Psychological changes .	'Slower weight loss .'
Why did Michelle Obama launch the campaign ? To encourage Americans live healthily .	'To help children to eat less junk food .'
Why did n't Ye Xiaogang choose the piano as his major at the Central Conservatory of Music ? Because school would n't recruit piano students year .	'Because the school was more famous for the major of composition .'
If every household in the U.S. replaced all their incandescent bulbs , would reduce total output CO2emissions huge amounts .	'it would have the same effect as removing 7.5 million cars from the roads .'
On Dec.15,1989 , a 747 jetliner survived air accident luckily	'flew into a volcano in Europe'
Why did the Pakistani driver refuse to take the author to the middle of the George Washington Bridge ? Because thought author would commit suicide .	'Because he was able to help the author to find a new job .'
If we cross the Atlantic Ocean , we set watch back ahead	'change one full day'
After the author ' s mum failed in her business , she reflected failure	'wanted to find a different partner'
Leaving the holy man , the woman full hope	'was filled with sadness'
What would be the best title for the passage ? A moving story happening bus stop .	'Giving money to strangers is rather happy .'
What will people eat then according to the passage ? Foods pill form .	'Foods in water form .'
. Why was the wolf so surprised ? He saw huge shadow .	"""He did n't need to be afraid of the lion any more ."""
Parent jackdaw can use their tail feathers to ask young follow	'play a game with the young'
"The word "" gulf "" in the passage means different ideas mother daughter ."	'free talks between mother and daughter .'
If you want to use the e - reader longer , you should keep wireless	'read in a quiet room'
When did T - shirts become a sign of being cool and different ? In 1970s .	'By World War II'
The best title for the text would be    The History Olivetti	'The Production of Olivetti .'
Which of the following is NOT an achievements of Alfred the Great ? Defeating Roman Empire .	'Translating books into the Saxon language .'
"Linda failed the test . She could tell her mum the news beginning with ""   Bad news , I 'm afraid ."	"""That 's really wonderful ."""
Why was Wesley Autrey praised as a hero ? He saved person without considering safety .	'He helped a man get across the rails .'
In the eyes of visitors from the outside world , Americans ready offer help	'small - minded officials deserve a serious comment'
What is Dr. Seuss 's purpose in writing The Cat in the Hat ? To improve children 's reading .	'To make readers laugh .'
The most suitable title for this passage might be What Are So Special Creative Individuals	'Discoveries and Innovation'
Which of the following is true of the writer 's friend ? Her trouble partly due poor planning .	"""Her friend 's financial generosity helped her out finally ."""
Why was the author touched by what she saw in the mirror ? She came realize really possessed .	"""She did n't feel at ease when looking into a mirror ."""
"People who believe in "" pain before beauty "" will wear pretty uncomfortable fashion"	'wear clothes that their peers like'
What is the passage mainly about ? The causes absent - mindedness .	'The environment and memory .'
From the beginning of the passage we sometimes express our feelings in an unclear way because clear	'we are in a very bad feeling'
If you want to win a prize you have to send your answer to free4fun@ netlight , com	'the June issue of Free4fun'
This article is most probably from argument time important thing life	'an essay about time and life'
We can learn from the text that Khan Academy aims to make everyone receive good education	'help the poor pay for good courses'
What does Elijah think of his hair being given to a charity ? He excited .	'He feels sad for poor children .'
Similar to The Guardian newspaper , UK Prime Minister stood court 's judgment	'felt sorry for the deadly car crash'
According to the writer , why is Mathew Brady remembered today ? Because photos took American Civil War .	'Because photography had become truly common .'
What 's the passage mainly about ? How Mr Mrs Gates raise children	'How Bill Gates is working for charity .'
Which tended to be most e - mailed according to Dr. Berger 's research ? Science articles .	'Sports news .'
"What did the little girl mean when saying "" Daddy , did n't grand - parents want me to buy something that would make me happy ? "" Making little boy happy made happy ."	'The Poknemon toys made her happy .'
"Which of the following can be used to explain the term "" sound bombing "" ? Human activities aim explore ocean floor ."	'The loud sound that whales and dolphins make .'
Where can we probably find the text ? A popular science magazine	'A book about famous people'
What 's the passage mainly about ? The world 's smallest bookstore .	'The popular bookstores in the world .'
Self Cleaning Iron can help change your lifestyle because run house better	'we want you to be a better housemaker'
One night when he found his key lost , he first rang bell	'spoke to his wife'
Before he came to China , Musa knew nothing Lei Feng	'did what Lei Feng did in the countryside'
Among the following situations , in your opinion , who is likely to tip most ? An American wonderful dinner well known restaurant New York .	'A Chinese student enjoyed his meal in a famous fast food restaurant in New York .'
What 's the text mainly about ? Public bookshelves spread across Germany .	'Germany is the first country to have public bookshelves .'
"Which of the following may NOT be considered "" tuhao "" ? A Buddhist monk ."	'A quick - rich peasant without proper manners'
People who are against online love think one may show real self cyberspace	'what is said online is under control of the Internet'
The visual sensor that is capable of distinguishing shades of color1 is called cones	'color1 vision'
A member to be admitted into the project should 17 enthusiasm	'know English and Spanish well'
If you have to practice your spoken English in class , 	"""tell your teacher you 're too shy to do that"""
What 's the purpose of the letter ? To express disapproval motorway .	'To offer suggestions on building the motorway .'
What is NOT necessary when we are making chocolate ? egg	'cocoa power'
In the interviews , people were asked about all of the following things EXCEPT childhood stressful events	'their childhood relationships with their parents'
Everett was trying to persuade Mr. Hanson to provide money skateboard park	'cut the area of the parking lot'
Henry was embarrassed because he took hand stranger	'heard his wife screaming'
How did the explorers know the bag was Carner 's ?     . One explorers knew Carner	'Carner recognized the bag'
Brightman decided to give up having children because felt normal children	'her life and career were unbelievably rich without children'
We can infer from the passage that      Ms Marmite Lover pleased Warner Bros	'Warner is a charity organization which helps the single mother .'
What is mainly talked about in the passage ? The way walk says lot us .	'How to read a person from the way he walks .'
Douglas drew an empty hand in order to show thanks teacher	'make the teacher cry'
What has directly caused major theater - chains in terrible financial situations ? More theaters unchangeable audience base	'Increased ticket prices'
What feature sets apart the three dictionaries discussed in the passage from traditional ones ? The inclusion cultural content .	'The combination of two dictionaries into one .'
Which do you think is this passage about ? Family violence .	'Relationship between husband and wife .'
The author supports feeding the baby whenever wants food	'according to its blood sugar level'
It is clear that the hotel clerk was dishonest	'afraid of the lawyer'
What may NOT be included in Ray 's proposal ? A soccer field .	'A nature education center .'
"How much do you know about "" A Sweet Girl "" ? She loves book Green Eyes ."	"""She 's a girl from England"""
What 's the author 's attitude towards machines ? He n't like get involved life much .	'He is afraid they would take the place of human beings .'
What happened to Yang Yunjing when she first went to Tibet ? She got altitude sickness .	"""She did n't like the food in Tibet ."""
The snow cap of Mount Kilimanjaro first developed 11,000 years ago	'resulted in a temperature rise in recent years'
Who will probably answer this advertisement ? High school graduates preparing - home training .	'College students preparing to study for a degree .'
What is the purpose of the passage ? To inform race participants activity .	'To collect money for the parking - lots .'
Why had the gentleman been doing acts of kindness ? He received help others .	"""He managed a lot of other people 's money ."""
When the man approached the old lady , the first thing he did was to make know wanted help	'get the old lady out of her car'
What made the two teenagers think of carrying out the research ? Frequent road repairs Jordan .	'Their interest in recycling old tires .'
Which of the following is TRUE   ? Zheng hui Wang Ping friends .	"""Wang Ping does n't eat healthy food ."""
"When Darwin declared "" I would say it 's a humbug "" , he meant that looked boys ' trick"	'the bug was indeed a strange bug'
What can we learn from the passage ? In cases , make life complicated .	'We can choose our life as we like .'
When the boy asked for a ride home , Paul thought the boy wanted to show riding home car	"""own a car like Paul 's"""
What 's the next probably plan of Viestures ? Climbing another one highest mountains .	"""Climbing to the top of the world 's 14 tallest mountains again ."""
How was the king feeling when he saw second wall ? Satisfied curious .	'The paintings on the wall .'
Commercial slug repellents are not advisable , because they    chemical harm top soil garden	'they help slugs reproduce more quickly'
The text is most probably taken from a life website	'job application'
Which of the following is true about ATM ? It first free charge consumers .	'It appeared earlier than the chocolate bar dispenser .'
Charles made John Flamsteed try to find tell sailors ' positions sea	'how to tell the exact time'
We can infer that the 2003 New York blackout made parents realize importance disaster plan	'helped parents know the importance of teachers to their children'
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? The writer thinks n't matter tells lie .	'Being honest is very important and helpful .'
Salt lamps are useless , because actually ca n't release negative ions	'it reduces radiation level and makes the air dirty'
This passage is about old Italian violins	'making violins'
How did Ted learn the answer to his question about insects ' flight in zero gravity ? By watching video film made astronauts .	"""By going into space and watching the insects ' flight himself ."""
What does the writer want to tell us by writing this passage ? Young adults elderly benefit .	"""We do n't have anything in common with the elderly ."""
Which subjects should be worked on first ? difficult ones	'Their best ones .'
According to the passage , moderate drinking still medically advisable	'is recommended by most doctors for heart patients'
Why did people like Donald better than Mickey Mouse ? Probably n't goody -- goody like Mickey .	"""Probably because he became angry with Mickey 's eight nephews ."""
It can be inferred   from the passage that the writer person strong mind	'had no Interest In running'
In the eyes of the writer 's father , Bernie lived rich healthy life	'was just a rich businessman'
According to the text , Kraus and Ireland observed planet volcano Hawaii	'cut holes in the mirrors when observing'
Why do n't most people make a lot of calls ? Because n't always save time .	'Because social media apps are important functions .'
The best title for this passage might be A Good Education	'Education'
From the passage we know that writer misses father deeply	"""the writer 's father works harder than before"""
The boy decided to study judo though lost left arm car accident	'he would have an old teacher'
According to the article , if you want to have a pleasant journey in a foreign country , you should     understand manners customs country	'learn the language of the country'
Which of the following elements is of little help in Lin 's success ? graduation Harvard University	'his devotion to basketball'
""" Many people live as if life were a dress rehearsal "" suggests that always busy making plans future"	'they believe that their present life is well prepared for their future'
What can we learn from the passage ? The writer got along well old lady .	"""The old lady did n't know how to make food ."""
Which of the following statements can be used to describe the works of folk artists ? They help artists let energy .	'They show pictures of unreal life .'
From the passage , we can know which is wrong . It necessary trees must planted world .	"'"" Great Green Wall "" project is very beneficial to us .'"
During their long journey to Mexico , gray whales always swim ocean	'face the colder and colder water'
Why did the writer follow the first timetable only for a few days ? Because brought much pressure .	"""Because it was n't a good idea ."""
The main purpose of the passage is to tell people save resources working office	'the waste produced in an office'
Where will you probably find this passage ? A travel magazine .	'A theme park advertisement .'
You can infer from the passage that the Bhopal Chemical leak could avoided	'was the worst accident in the history of India'
On Mother 's Day and Father 's Day people usually family parties	"""children always go to parents ' home"""
In the writer 's opinion , students ca n't remember words because n't use proper way	'they have memory problems'
According to the passage , culture shock can be dealt easily people	'avoided by knowing adjustment stages'
What happened when the writer was talking on the phone ? The cat walked shirt .	'Guy came to his house .'
One day Mr. Black talks with Mr. White door Mr. White 's house	"""in Mr. Black 's house"""
What 's the reflection of Nicole 's sleepwalking state ? Being forgetful .	'Sleeping around the clock .'
From the passage we know that most people choose alternative medicine satisfied conventional medicine	'because conventional medicine is expensive'
Which of the following statements about Linda is NOT true ? Linda geography test Sunday .	'Linda was busy with her studies over weekend .'
At what time does Metrorail stop service on Saturday ? At 3 a.m.	'At 5 a.m.'
Which of the following can remind office workers of their childhoods ? Back Age Innocence .	'Chinese Girl .'
The man saw a really grand palace way another world death	'on his way to hell'
JustShareIt wants to make itself more attractive by offering things rent	'offering person - to - person service'
According to Adama Diagne , women should n't believe product make beautiful quickly	'beauty is just a personal choice'
What happened when the farmer went to town ? The bag fell horse .	'The farmer lost his bag .'
What 's the title of the story ? Tickets Sold	'The Way to the Cinema'
It can be inferred from the passage that McCormick think committed crime	'sold the equipment at a low price'
Why would Frank shrink down into the seat hoping to disappear ? Because staying father made feel embarrassed .	'Because he wanted to be kissed by his father .'
Which is the most possible title    for this passage ? Young American Volunteers	'A Special House Program'
The bike brake lever was designed for the purpose of helping disabled ride bike safely	'winning James Dyson Awards'
In which column of a newspaper can you probably read this article ? Life & Entertainment	'Weather & Climate'
We can learn from the text that US Snap Music changed development process	'is very similar to Crunk Music'
From what Gutierrez said we can learn that exporting countries mainly responsible problem .	'developing countries should be responsible for this problem'
Mark Twain lay on his side on the end of the bed because he thought easy go sleep	"""did n't have much room to sleep in"""
We should leave a hole in the front of the nest so that    birds fly	'we can clean the nest'
What makes malaria special in the world according to the passage ? It mainly infects young kids .	'It is one of the deadliest disease .'
The Polar Bears like to swim all the year round , for find enjoyable interesting	'it is an easy way to keep the body warm in winter'
What is this passage mainly about ? The causes hair loss .	'Some ways to protect your hair .'
What country is n't mentioned in the report ? India	'South Korea'
""" Look out "" here means Take care ."	'Put your head out of the window and look out .'
All the following are included in the price of Y=12,000 EXCEPT     telephone calls made tourists	'transport between the airport and the hotel'
The author mentioned heat waves in Europe to prove increasing cases mental disorders	"""the change of these heavy waves ' occurrence"""
Why did the author go to mother 's home ? To get together family dinner .	"""To see her mother 's quilts ."""
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Plants medicine	'Scientists and doctors'
The writer believes that the biggest problem likely to confront the world before the end of the century feed ever growing population .	'will be how to provide enough houses in the hottest parts of the world .'
The one who put on the first ad probably wants to find another lady share cost rent flat	'share her room in a flat with whoever has no pet'
"According to the passage , "" The Storm on the Sea of Galilee "" was the following except that valuable work museum"	"""it was Rembrandt 's works"""
Which of the following best describes what the writer says about his work ? His success varies year year .	'He prefers to write about films he likes .'
What made the old man start coming out of the house ? The little boy 's kindness .	'All of his dog figurines .'
If you have fair weather friends , refused get trouble	'you can be sure that you get real friends'
According to the author , going to the theater is helpful because of the following reasons EXCEPT improving ability read others ' feelings	"""improving people 's understanding of their own or other cultures"""
According to the passage , Ebola only spreads through bodily fluids	"""patients ' sweat"""
Why did the woman call the area death valley ? Because group people lived hard life work animals killed .	"""Because the group of people did n't know how to walk out of the valley ."""
According to the passage , Hollow Flashlight safe , noiseless energy - saving	'was created by Ann and her friend'
Which of the statements about taking TOVIAZ is TRUE ? It 's OK take food without food .	'Use TOVIAZ in hot environment to cure heat illness .'
Which is the best title for this passage ? Advice How Realize Our Beautiful Dreams .	'The Chinese Dream'
When did Jenny go back home ? On Sunday afternoon .	'On Sunday morning .'
Chris got the idea to travel around Indiaon an elephant from photos elephants	'an elephant expert fromIndia'
What excuse did Jimmy give to the teacher to go home early ? He baby brother look .	"""He did n't want to go to school ."""
Which company does Meghan Casserly work for ? Google .	'Tiffany & Co.'
The writer 's description of his present situation implies that little satisfied present life Ohio	'his life is relatively good but still needs improvement'
David meant to post his mother flight insurance	'two plane tickets'
We should thank our parents because A , B C	'they teach us what is right or not'
"In the article "" back off "" means escape attackers"	'to avoid the attackers in words'
Which of the following is legal according to The NuclearTestBan Treaty ? Testing hydrogen bomb underground .	'The use of nuclear weapons .'
What can we infer from Paragraph 4 ? Hyperhidrosis may bad effect health .	'Doctors have discovered why people get hyperhidrosis .'
Some kind of indoor pollution can be found in every modern house	'all kinds of houses'
Many tricks are played on April Fool 's day except playing cards	'leaving a purse in the street'
What 's the best title for the passage ? No pain , gain .	'Pain is temporary .'
Wide applications of deepwater wind power technology can explore low - carbon power resources available sea	'make financial profits by producing more turbines'
What can we learn about the millionaire from his answer in the interview ? He n't think rich worth much attention .	'He does not think that he is a very important person .'
Who turned Australia into a colony ? Britain .	'The United States of America .'
It can be inferred that Renato 's special bicycle is mainly designed for distant areas rainforest without electricity .	'enough exercise by pedaling it'
"By exclaiming "" You 've got my cat , "" the neighbour implied that surprised seeing cat"	'the author had stolen the lovely eat PJ'
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? The $ 30,000 Bequest	"""Sally 's Distant Relative"""
Which one of the following is TURE according to the passage ? Many people working WTC delayed traffic jams Set . 11 .	'The passengers on the planes were not frightened at all .'
What 's the problem of the kids in America according to the passage ? Kids spend much time media .	'Kids would rather be with friends than the TV .'
What 's the best title for the passage ? Stop Specializing Sports So Early	'The Importance of Doing Sports'
If a person loves a skating act , he or she may go to Britain 's Got Talent	'Strictly Come Dancing'
Before the e - Radiator appears , usually the heat of a computer sent air	'makes the computer work better'
Len told Santi something terrible would happen if he pushed buttons time	'changed from channel to channel'
This passage can be classified as research result	'a dog show review'
If a private company wants to operate a charter school , it must get government 's permission	'obey the local and state laws'
In order to make a living , Mark Twain many kinds work	'wrote stories in the beginning'
What 's Whitney Houston 's most outstanding achievements ? Her record - setting string seven Number One singles .	'Selling more than 170 million albums worldwide .'
"These "" How to "" books are written to give people good advice"	'tell people to love their life'
According to the passage , we can infer that Henry Jackson Smart lot daughter	'was the first father honored in 1924'
The artist lived with the farmer holiday	"""for the farmer 's son"""
What does the author think of the flying car ? It likely made .	'It is too crazy an idea .'
The best title    for this passage is My sister 's room	'My family photo'
According to the article , islands formed by mud volcanoes usually disappear short period time	'are formed by hot lava from volcanoes'
Which of the following can be the best title of this passage ? Nights Pinocchio Lamp	'A spiritual quality shining outward from the heart'
It is estimated that volunteers for Beijing 's 2008 Olympics are mainly university students	'applicants outside Beijing'
Which of the following can support Brian and Julie 's conclusion ? More people search key words divorce early year .	'The divorce rate rises sharply in March and August .'
What did the author 's friend do when he came back from the shop after he was paid back ? He wrote letter president company .	'He wrote a letter to the President of the US .'
The old woman wants to see Xiao Ming 's mother	'Xiao Ming'
Thai classical dance is related to Thai 's belief	"""the Thai 's customs"""
What 's the best title of the passage ? Opinions good friends .	'My friend .'
When the writer was a kid , hoped father would spend time	"""his father did n't like him"""
When the man tried to tell Socrates something about his student , Socrates asked pass test	'told him to go away'
Xiao Hong is good at playing balls	'playing the piano'
We can learn from Ms. Yates ' speech that she kept track students ' progress	"""attended her students ' college graduations"""
The passage suggests the author plan reduce Beijing 's traffic congestion	'has benefited a lot by driving to the downtown every day'
What did the zoo keeper do after being bitten by the gorilla ? She locked cage another gorilla .	'She asked another gorilla to protect her .'
"What did Patrick mean by saying "" My trainers will be all right for another week "" ? He wanted mother put shopping plan ."	"""He did n't need a pair of new trainers at all ."""
How can tourists enjoy a cut - price trip at Bristol Zoo ? By showing students ' cards .	'By showing their family addresses'
What did the author do after her car had got stuck in the water ? She got car .	'She went to the police station nearby .'
Which of the following is one of the features of braggarts ? They selfpromote stand career .	"""They do n't pay much attention to their online image ."""
The author first began running in order to lose weight	'prepare for a marathon race'
Which of the following is Not true ? The bears always ask food back legs .	'Children like to ride the elephants in the zoo .'
All the statements about Malala are true EXCEPT that born in1998 Mingora , Pakistan .	'Taliban tried to silence her but failed'
Alice grew so big because she drank something bottle	"""wore the Rabbit 's gloves ."""
How did Natalie help the survivors ? She built information sharing platform	'She called on the White House to help'
Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage ? What Makes Happy People Happy ?	'How to Live a Different Life'
What can users get when making a reservation with OpenTable app ? points	'cheeses .'
What would be the best title for this passage ? For Teens , Texting Instead Talking	'Disadvantages of Texting'
When given the dessert , the author 's friend asked questions	'followed the delivery person out'
When they visit the places of the interest on an East Bus , the visitors sit back relax	'have to find places to park the bus'
The author advises in Para.4 that people make their family members laugh by kinds contests	'reading joke books'
The purpose of writing the text is introduce Bedford Castle	'to tell the history of Bedfordshire'
On the web , the passage most probably appears in the section of lifestyle	'people'
Which question does the author try to answer ? How changes made businesses	'What past experience is useful for businesses'
Which of the following would be the best title of the news ? A Gunman Kills 8 People , Then Himself Mall Omaha	'Shooter Found Dead in a Mall on the West Side of Omaha'
When George entered the supermarket again a few days later , he wanted try luck	'decided to buy a better pair'
When you try getting an old mobile phone repaired , thought date	'you have got to buy a new one'
The bee was very thirsty , so it went river drink	'went to look for the bird'
The goal of developing the strawberry - picking machine is to help farmers make money	'get rid of human labor'
Which seems more effective in lowering road deaths in France according to this passage ? Placing speed cameras	'Lowering blood alcohol limit .'
What is Fidenzio Salvatori 's purpose of having an outdoor marketplace for Toronto ? To keep cultural variety city .	'To satisfy its immigrant merchants .'
What did Jack decide to do for his grandpa ? To build new position .	'To buy a gift for him .'
John Denver wrote his songs about many things except problems environment	'his life in los Angeles'
What does the writer mean by the last sentence of the passage ? She wo n't insult   well others .	'She is willing to be a child of God .'
The ClearPath app can mainly be used to avoid traffic accidents	'predict traffic conditions'
Many countries around the world have harvest festivals because    harvest brings lot food people	'they always have a good harvest'
The old man brought out the diary , which he had kept since his son was born , because would like son read	'he wanted to find what a crow was'
If you are a music fan , you should go to Classical rock , literally	'Ballet NY'
How does the author advise kids to keep in touch with relatives ? Make written communication .	'Read a catalogue together .'
One of the things the young are engaged in seeking is that want people notice	'they want to excite people around'
When it 's twelve o'clock , John says it 's lunchtime	'breakfast time'
According to the passage , the Linksters are usually influenced media technology	'found working in the offices of large companies'
When Americans stop work , it 's difficult for them to feel productive	'get Social Security checks'
Some criminals remove their own finger - prints by injuring inner skin	'damaging the outer skin'
To prove if the news was true , the actor 's son made call	'flew to Hong Kong'
What 's the main purpose of the passage ? To tell us benefits playing sports	'To explain why girls like playing sports .'
Salinger 's career as a writer improved greatly and his reputation was assured after he published novel ' The Catcher Rye '	'attended a writing class at Columbia University'
What does the author mainly discuss in the text ? Sustainability	'Ethanol energy'
Laura wrote the poem tell Officer Ken Knapcik much loved	'in memory of her father who was shot in the drug arrest'
Which sentence is right about the writer ? He wants make good trip plan .	'He wants to send an e - mail to his teacher .'
From the passage , we know that cells grow make new cells	'can heal few cuts themselves'
From the passage , we could infer that the brake lever wide market future	"""also improves the bike 's speed"""
In Eagle Dad 's opinion , his extreme parenting was questioned because modern education challenging enough	"""he did n't take it step by step in a scientific way"""
Which of the following ca n't help you build a strong relationship with your parents ? Playing computer games watching TV alone .	'Doing your best at whatever you do .'
Why does the author mention the psychological condition of the driver in Paragraph 3 ? To show important drivers emotionally healthy .	'To give an example of the various reasons for road accidents .'
Which of the following statements is probably right ? Bill clever ways teach students .	'Bill often offered his students coffee to please them .'
To solve the problem of child labor , the writer suggests the following BUT raising payment improving system education	"""improving laws of protecting children 's interests"""
You would n't mind if something unexpected happening	'your friends agree to help you'
What is the best title for this passage ? The Power Saying hello	'My Way to Become Vice - President'
A strange feature of the umbrella 's use is that it was used as symbol honor power	'protection against rain'
The first women turned pale because baby 's real mother	'the king wanted to kill her'
The farmer told his wife   dig fields	'to dig the fields'
Which is not a feature of the Segway ? Riders increase speed moving handlebars	'It has two wheels with a single axle .'
According to Tim Griffin , Obama 's health - care law strongly opposed Republicans	'will never work without the help of the Republicans .'
The passage is most probably taken from popular science magazine	'a research paper'
The second piece of information is intended to advertise search engine	'give prizes to customers'
What does the story tell us ? Smile world smile back .	'People with bad temper can also make friends .'
If you choose First Stop , you choose roommates	'must share a room with others'
Upon hearing the teacher 's talk , the children probably felt that sounded good true	"""it was no different from other teachers ' talk"""
Why did the writer 's mother cry ? The gift one husband gave .	'The gardenia corsage was too expensive .'
The second time the author met the boy , the boy told purpose selling fruit nuts	'asked him for money for his schoolbooks'
Which of the following should take the blame for the bad eating habit ? The pressures society	'The American government'
What are the butterflies doing when it starts to rain ?     They playing game .	'They are staying under the leaves .'
What made Breathed write the novel ? His son 's bad behavior toward mother .	"""The movie producer 's idea ."""
Which would be the best title for the text ? Pablo Picasso : More Than Just Painter	"""Picasso 's Life in France"""
When did the author and his brother notice the young man who had a flat tire ? When passing exit .	'When the young man stopped them for help .'
January is a good month for shoplifters because many people store	'January sales offer wonderful opportunities for them'
What can we know from the passage about the writer ? She married man much older .	'She is going to give birth to their second child .'
The landslides around China are mentioned at the beginning of the article to introduce topic landslides	'express concern for those affected by landslides'
What is the passage mainly about ? My summer holiday village	"""My grandma 's stories ."""
What does Nigel 's wife usually do ? Stays home .	'Flies to New York and London .'
Why does the author plan to cancel his Facebook account ? He n't want personal data used wrong way .	'He is upset by its frequent rule changes .'
It can be inferred from the passage that writer worked hard usually got good grades studies	'Mother was punished for breaking the Labor Law'
The measuring device of Yoji Kimura recognize different kinds laughter	'can make people laugh more'
The conclusion drawn from the new research shows that high self - esteem may key success	'makes people more likeable'
What does the writer think is the most important about good habits ? Trying keep good habits .	'Learning new skills .'
What do we know about the GreenPlug ? It ca n't guarantee lower electric bills	'It is especially designed for old refrigerators'
When the writer saw Miss Roberts , he successfully expressed true feelings	'held her in his arms'
What is the attitude of many private colleges toward merit aid , according to David Laird ? They would like see reduced .	'They consider it unfair to middle - class families .'
The wife rushed into the kitchen because afraid smoke caused carelessness	'the smoke came out of the kitchen'
The article is about some middle school students ' problems	'parents'
The passage mainly tells us about adventure past	'a lovely dog named Blackie'
When his wife left home , Brad expected to enjoy first day work	'watch TV talk show with his children'
To rescue Jessica , the rescuers dig another hole next well	'spent hours on making a rescue plan'
The Arctic ground squirrel must hibernate in winter because she n't enough food winter	'can keep warm while hibernating'
Sochi 2014 Volunteer Training Program was launched on 11 March 2013	'16 December 2013'
The insect - killing technique of vegetables is developed most probably through evolution species	'helps from other garden plants'
The couple have not got a television , because enjoy spending evenings ways	"""they do n't know what to do when there are power cuts"""
Which of the following is appropriate about using social media ? Writing formal invitation dress - event .	'Sending texts to consult a doctor for surgery'
Which of the following is NOT the way for young people to help develop language according to the passage ? They change words .	'They create them by making words shorter or combining words .'
Who probably wrote this article ? Reporters	'College graduates'
The school in Minnesota carried out the research prevent children fat	'to punish the badly performed students'
Which can be the best title for this story ? To Ask Not To Ask	"""Mother 's True Love"""
The American women 's liberation movement still long way go	'was started by many successful women'
What is the biggest disadvantage for children to attend too many lessons after school ? They easily focus learning day .	'They might have no time to do the homework .'
Anyone can become a member of School Watch because everyone give help others	'everyone needs help with his homework'
The New Orleans Battle could have been avoided if the peace agreement had been signed America	'by important people'
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Social interaction makes smart	'Intellectual exercises improve memory .'
"The "" Tell - a - Friend "" program encourages people to share website others"	'take pleasure in reading with their friends .'
What do most new graduates think of their internship ? They free life working hours .	'They feel more prepared for the job after having an internship .'
According to the text , visitors often get lost in Yucatan because hardly get right answers directions	'they can seldom understand the language there'
Why was the author J.K.Rowling called a'literacy hero ' ? For inspiring children love reading .	'For her well - known books of Harry Potter .'
The passage is mainly about comparing queuing two cultures	'calling on people in China to queue more'
A visitor can get the following information about the activities in the passage EXCEPT food	'cost'
Edison took a deep breath before pulling a switch , which showed that he was excited	'light - hearted'
According to Dr. Huang , Facebook can help to study diversity worldwide cultures	'promote communication between east and west'
When you write , you will easily find mistakes speaking	'learn how to speak'
What can we know about Mr. Wilson 's idea ? It useful .	"""It does n't help Mr. Webster ."""
By telling the story , the writer wanted to tell us work play makes Jack dull boy	'hard work can make up for lack of intelligence'
"The best title for the first news item might be ""   Price romantic"	'Flowers and wine'
What does Damian 's brother want to do with the money ? Both B	'Give the money to the poor .'
What does Jane like ? She likes soccer ping - pong .	'She likes ping - pong .'
Which of the following is NOT true according to the text ? The boy much difficulty living normal life .	'The boy wants to play football in the Paralympics .'
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The children 's mother told lie .	"""Something was wrong with one of the children 's heads ."""
After having the injection , the author 's first satisfied recovery	'was busy with housework that had been delayed for days'
All the people thought of themselves except businessman	'the clever man'
The best title for the passage can be A service love	'An unforgettable lesson'
If a teen wants to participate in TEENGIVING , he can write letter lawyer permission	'contact Josh Hyman by e - mail'
When he looked at a boy in a certain way , that boy went red face looked shoes	"""looked back at my grandfather 's red face"""
Mike is selfish	"""Jack 's girlfriend"""
Where can people smoke ? In Roller Bar .	'In any place in the Roller Cafe .'
You 'll have to register first if you want enter Europe - wide student competition	'to watch the world go by from the beautiful terrace'
It can be inferred that the author will keep mom mind another way	'not sell her own things at stoop sales'
What is the main idea of the passage ? To relations .	'A man dies as often as he loses a friend .'
What is true of the character Uncle Tom in the book ? He n't put fellow slaves danger .	'He is a black man who betrays his race .'
Bruce and Bruno were worried because They money buy food .	"""their father could n't find a job in the town .."""
What did Columbus do after returning to his ship on the night of the meeting ? He waited eclipse finish .	'He discussed the problem with his god .'
The new discovery of exercise probably is that prevent aging process	'it can help you live a better life'
We learn from the text that volunteers in the experiment divided three groups	'were patients with bad coughs'
Which of the following is NOT true about the newly found ring ? It seen Earth .	'It is the biggest ring around Saturn .'
If nations could only keep the initial promises of the Paris Agreement , what would happen by the year 2100 ? The Agreement 's minimum goal would reached .	'Nations would not need to tighten their emissions targets .'
For what purpose did Peter call Tracy ? To take back dog .	"""To help her friend 's son ."""
"According to the passage , who will benefit most from "" Dads Make a Difference "" ? teens    societies"	'teen teachers    and adult mentors'
In the author 's opinion , if a person in deep water does n't know how to swim , he will drown because believes drown .	"""he has n't learnt to swim before ."""
What can be learnt about Swiss watch industry from the passage ? It targets rich people potential customers .	'It is easy for the industry to re - invent cheap watches .'
Some rich people consider themselves unsuccessful because n't reached standards	'they set their goals at too low a level'
Jefferson 's greatest contribution in America 's history is that wrote Declaration Independence	'he organized the new University of Virginia'
Jenny Smith is a student in No . 7 Middle School	'PEP Middle School'
"Western people usually use "" cat "" to refer to ""   unkind woman"	'a tired person'
According to the text , we can learn that You 'd better take children see Dick Tracy	'While watching Batman one can enjoy pizza at 7:30 pm .'
In order to help kids , the organization RandomKid has done all the following EXCEPT helping 300 Cambodian kids go school America	'providing play centers for sick children'
What does film commentator Zhou Liming think of the movie ? It shows money expresses love friendship .	"""The four girls ' friendship is touching ."""
What is the passage mainly about ? The natural wonders Chihuahuan Desert .	'The terrible environment of deserts in Texas and Mexico .'
Who can be a volunteer ? Anyone aged 12 - 70 .	'Old women .'
Who works most efficiently according to the passage ? A student class without taking incoming calls .	'A manager who is designing selling plans with his office door open .'
When did Jane have the party ? After birthday .	'As soon as she telephone her friends .'
What seems to be the best title for the passage ? TV : Its Working Rules Functions .	'A Powerful Tool of Entertainment .'
Why did the ice - cream become popular ? It eatable could taken away .	'It was a cone -- shape .'
What made the government change its mind ? The influence press Web .	"""Schwartz 's love for the deer ."""
The l8th century advertising was special in its attractive designs	'advertising companies'
What was the writer 's feeling while she was walking in the station ? She felt sad helpless first , might feel warm later .	'She was looking forward to getting help from friends .'
Why was the little girl crying ? Because could n't afford rose .	'Because her mother died .'
What is JK Rowling famous for ? Harry Potter books	'detective novels'
We can know from the passage that genes can not ensure whether 're good driving	'decide how well you work without sleep'
The article begins with lie told writer	'a case from the competition'
What is the first suggested explanation of the origin of the ability ? It something moment born .	'It is acquired soon after birth .'
The writer of the passage wants to tell us how to organize life well	'clean our rooms only'
How does the working experience change the author ? He realized roles played .	'He found a permanent job .'
Which of the following is the reason that many young people want to become pop - stars ? All .	'Living an exciting life .'
what do many observers predict in view of the experience of the 20th century ? Economic growth slow .	'More people will try to pursue higher education'
How did the gentleman know the boy was polite ? He took cap came .	'He made his shoes clean when he came in .'
What made the girl unable   be asleep during the night after she went to see the doctor ? The coffee .	"""The student 's lesson ."""
What happens AFTER a star dies ? It becomes invisible .	'It burns up all of its gases .'
From the story we may infer that Tom went to the beach cottage family	'with Evelyn'
What do we know about the Chess Camp from the passage ? Children learn improved chess skills .	'Whole day sessions will cost $ 250 for it .'
In space , the three astronauts will complete the following tasks EXCEPT walking space	'docking with a space lab module'
The writer chose to do volunteer work at library bookstore	'a local animal shelter'
What 's the best title of the passage ? A Positive Disabled Boy -- Luka	'The Tough Life of Luka'
With which statement would Becky most likely agree ? You never know unless try .	'Only by inventing things can you know what people need .'
CholesterolblackTM has the following advantages EXCEPT that helps people absorb least 42 % cholesterol	'it helps take cholesterol out of whatever food you eat'
What is implied in the passage ? It time us take measures solve problem environmental refugees .	'People all over the world have realized the impact of environmental disasters on refugees .'
"According to the passage , "" wugging "" is actually a charity - related action"	'website for charity'
It can be learnt from the passage that George Eastman interested commercial profits , also improvement people 's lives .	'set up his company in the capital of the US before setting up its branches all over the world .'
When she grew up , the little girl wondered could n't loved	'why she was hurt so deeply'
"Compared with "" Type A "" personalities , "" Type B "" personalities tend solve problems peacefully"	'are more easily affected by stress'
The writer knew the young woman because looked like girl picture	'she was the old woman in the photo'
According to the passage , one must write an account of himself before starting to find a job because makes become clearly aware	'it enables him to know when to sell his services'
.What do you think the foreigners may not be insulted with ? Taking care .	'Getting care from good friends .'
The writer bought a second - hand car because working studying	'his parents wanted to go to San Diego'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned   in this text ? Using sleeping pills .	'Drinking warm milk .'
A family of 6 ( grandparents , parents and twins ) wants to go for winter camping for 4 days . Which of the site is cheapest ? Great Langdale	'Guilden Gate Glamping'
Which 's the best title for the passage ? The Endangered Giant Pandas	"""Saving Panda 's Food Source"""
On this special day , Bill Gates has done all the following EXCEPT that went work journalist Jim Lehrer	'he used much of his time and energy to his Foundation'
The man wanted to take the shower first because wanted make bathroom warmer	"""he could n't stand the cold winter"""
What 's the difference between NEC 's N940 and other models ? It lets watch public TV free	'It can capture 30 minutes of full - motion video'
Before you apply for the course , you must make sure area want	'complete the Additional Information PDF'
Communities provide their members with sense identity safety	'chances of meeting new people'
The biggest importance of a lizard 's tail lies in serving another leg	'sticking to the wall'
What is the main problem with spam ? It 's unpleasant .	"""It fills one 's mail box ."""
When choosing names , you should stick to the following principles EXCEPT that name well - known person	'the impression a name gives is more important than its meaning'
Michelle seems to believe that the daughter will finally    come right decision	'worry her parents for unconscious reasons'
What was the difficulty that passengers met with on the very first day of the opening ? They wait long time play catch - checking .	'It took too long to get through security to get into the building .'
The best title of the text could be Adapting English Family Life	'Enjoying British Food .'
What is the best title of the passage ? Stick Your Dream	'A Cartoon Character'
According to the author , beauty contests are disrespectful women	"""helpful in improving women 's image"""
During his three days in a wheelchair , the author met all of the following difficulties EXCEPT terrible medical service	'poor attitudes of ordinary people'
What do we know about the old man ? He quite successful farmer .	'He loved daughters more than sons .'
What did the rich man aim to do ? To offer help people town .	'To find out how good his people are .'
The writer 's purpose in writing this passage is show pride good stepfather	'to show how interesting a person Leo was'
The babies were unhappy and trapped the author because they given living room without toy	'were told not to play on the floor'
Who was Hercule Poirot ? A detective books .	'One of her books .'
What can we learn about autism according to the passage ? They care presence others .	"""People with autism ca n't find people sharing their interests ."""
Luetjens tried to sail to France in order to ship repaired	'get away from the British'
""" It is wise to follow streams and rivers "" , which will ensure you to avoid hacking way unbroken jungle"	'save many extra miles of travel'
Why does the author mention both Boston and Chicago ? To show mass transportation changed many cities .	'To exemplify cities with and without mass transportation .'
Students who take the course will probably make overall improvement English	'teach themselves in their own field of study'
Why does the author mention Kodak 's invention of the first digital camera ? To show early attempt reinvent .	'To show its quick adaptation to the digital revolution .'
Before your trip , the first thing you should do is save money spending less	'to make a plan of the route'
Glenn saved his family because dealt emergency calmly wisely	"""he had followed his mother 's instruction"""
The reason why Europeans are light - skinned is probably that     light - skinned Europeans mutation gene melanin production	'they pay much attention to protecting their skin'
Why do tigers , lions and snakes have to stay in cages ? Because dangerous .	'Because they like to be in cages .'
In ancient China kites could be used for catching fish	'helping people fly'
"What is a major function of Lipitor ? To lower "" bad "" cholesterol ."	'To control blood pressure .'
The writer argues that the quality of service is changing because staff receive consideration customers	'staff members are less considerate than their employers'
The writer feels very sorry when he / she has to throw away any food because customs still effect /	'he / she makes food from scratch'
What is one of the purposes of opening the bookstore ? To encourage people read .	'To help people learn about Nanjing .'
What 's the best title of the passage ? Saint Patrick 's Day	'The Largest Parade in the World'
According to Bassett , losing a leg makes her     learn thankful little things	'dream of developing artificial legs'
""" We have tried to teach the children good values "" may probably mean Duffy 's parents often tell their children help people danger"	'to remember the value of the car'
We can learn from the passage that in the US 's polite leave tip though service bad .	'Americans use the same gesture to point at people and objects .'
Bob in the story is described as a man who stuck promise	'betrayed his friend'
According to the passage , Android Wear can tell get places	"""play music while you 're writing on the paper"""
"Some Asian immigrant children become "" satellite kids "" because their parents return country work"	'want them to go to university'
"When did Ms. Tu start her malaria research ? After entered "" Mission 523 "" ."	'When malaria become serious among ordinary Chinese people .'
According to the passage , the new hotel will movable structure	'be built 500 m beneath the surface'
Which of Mo Yan 's works reflects his own life experience ? Red Transparent Radish	'Red Sorghum'
According to the author , we are faced with choice using technology provide fulfill needs reduce number working hours	'the choice of earning a standard of living'
What did Mr. Brown think of Frank ? Frank smart .	'Frank was funny .'
What is true about the International Space Station ? It biggest man - made satellite .	'It is a big city in space .'
The best title for this passage would be Friends Forever	'Jenna and I'
What do we know about Chika and Tara 's house ? Public transport convenient .	'The distance from the house to London is 1.6 km .'
According to Pearce , why do most of the teenagers enjoy the work ? They familiar bikes interested .	'They want to learn how to repair bikes .'
Google Books and Digital Library allow users to read the full books copyright	'which have some free parts'
The best title of the text is The Birth An Island .	'A Captain and An Island .'
Glenn got seriously burned probably younger ten	'when he went to set fire to the schoolhouse'
Why did the Duke of Kent disguise himself as a servant ? To serve help king-- Lear .	'To find a chance to meet Goneril .'
For whom is the passage probably written ? Adult students .	'High school students .'
The reason why young Smith was forced to leave his home town is that     father died left nothing	'the price of shoe tacks in another country was high'
The writer thinks the cause of catching cold is due to getting viruses person person	'cold weather'
Why did all the young gentlemen come up to Oliver and shake his hands very hard ? Because wanted steal something Oliver .	'Because they liked Oliver at the first sight .'
At last the author drew a conclusion that things different whatever situation	'happiness will fail to come to you if you can find a reason'
Which of the following best reveals the author 's attitude towards piano practice ? She played recording instead practising .	'She tried to make the piano teacher pleased .'
The writer 's mother threw away her homework because homework looked like waste paper	'the homework was too poorly don e'
Why did the Walmart employee refuse Ayers ' money ? Someone paid .	'The charismas gifts were free .'
Why can humans keep stable body temperatures in different seasons ? Because internal temperature regulating systems .	'Because their bodies are unusually efficient .'
The aim of the advertisement is to inform interested audition musical	'encourage the public to watch the musical Sweeney Todd'
Why did Jack give his father a small bowl to have dinner ? Because food appeared much .	'Because his father liked the bowl .'
Which was Disney 's first successful cartoon character ? Oswald Lucky Rabbit .	'Mickey Mouse .'
From the story , we can learn that girl suffered lot life	'the girl used to stay in the tree when feeling sad'
The number of big ocean fish has become smaller because ways fishing go practice	'Japanese fishing boats catch one fish per hundred hooks'
What is Vincent Quigg 's company specialized in ? Customizing repairing iPhones .	'Helping students set up business .'
Doctors were worried about using TXA because     n't used accident victims	'it can cause blood clots or stroke'
Why are the subjects required to be blindfolded ? To dismiss effects vision .	'To encourage them to walk straight .'
It can be inferred that Finchley , Dawson and the writer have possible invented kind medicine	'a new way to study the family of mites'
It could be inferred from the passage that in the future human beings may get knowledge quickly	'human beings will be healthier'
Young Jason Pryor lives at Chillicothe , Ohio	'Mill Creek'
In British farming industry , number injuries bigger public know	'farmers take up a large part of working population'
Why does n't the author read much on train trips ? Because attention taken away beautiful view .	"""Because he does n't like reading on the train"""
When did Adams have mental health problems ? When teenager boy	'after he left medical school'
Most people choose to go to an outdoor movie mainly because they can enjoy casual atmosphere	'have snacks before the movie'
What is the pedestrians ' selfish reason for traffic jams ? They believe individuals always first .	'They think traffic rules have nothing to do with them .'
We may learn from the ads above that baby - sitter paid hour	'the rooms for rent can not get good sunlight'
Why do you think they had not a backup computer ? Because expensive .	'Because it was not as big as the main computer .'
What would be the best title for his passage ? A Mirror Human Nature	'Truth or Excuse'
The growth of population can make    cost every life goes	'money less important'
What is the author 's purpose in writing this passage ? To attract tourists Virginia .	'To introduce historic sites in Virginia .'
What does NOT make high heels popular ? Reports Footwear News .	'Height added by the heels .'
Why do you think the woman did n't go out of the house again . Because tired forgotten taxi driver .	'Because she wanted to keep the taxi driver waiting .'
The clerk didn ' t want to exchange the stove for I m a because I ' receipt	'the clerk had given I m a the refund'
The only thing the writer knew that she never liked teacher 's office	'was too old to find a job as a teacher'
According to the article , we can know that bottled water is expensive tap water	'always safer than tap water'
What do the family take to the park ? A basket food carpet .	'A basket of food and a book .'
What do education experts recommend students to do ? To experience real lire communication .	'To stay more with families .'
What does the author want to tell us ? How spend money wisely ,	'How to expose bad tricks .'
Seeing the hole in the pumpkin , a monkey will interested	'take the pumpkin away in arms'
We can learn from this passage that the author called father help	'found her mobile phone with the help of a lady'
What is people 's reaction to the blind photography show ? They admire blind photographers ' hard work .	'They feel really sorry for those blind photographers .'
What can we infer about Wang Weiguo ? He took great trouble finding owner .	'He has a friend working for China Radio International .'
Which of the following is NOT true about Barry 's uncle ? He thinks children watch TV much .	'He visits many places and talks with many children .'
What can be inferred about the chemical dopamine ? It beneficial eyesight .	'It means low levels of light intensity .'
In the author 's opinion , signs reminding people pickpockets play negative role protecting valuables	"""people 's brains have many loopholes"""
Billie Holiday 's parents ' marriage ended because Clarence spent much time working	'Sadie moved to New York City'
. This passage mainly tells us reading good children	'explains why reading is good for us'
What is the author 's purpose of writing the text ? To make people aware severity virus	'To find cures for the virus'
What was unusual for Mumtaz Mahal according to the passage ? She gave important advice husband .	"""She planned to build the world 's greatest monument ."""
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? neighbor fixed needles head	"""The man 's pain was killed before the doctor arrived"""
What is the biggest difficulty in protecting African elephants now ? They ca n't live peace farmers .	'Their habitats are being destroyed .'
From the passage , we know that the writer 's father accident died sea	'was good at driving cars'
Which of the following is NOT true about Frenchmen ? They actually enjoy working assembly line .	'Many of them prefer the modern life style .'
When at work , Margaret feels Lighthearted fellow workers	'happy because the building is fully lit'
Educational value is mentioned in all the toys EXCETP MINI PEDAL CAR	'FLAX ART HOSPITAL PUZZLE AND PLAY SET'
What does the passage mainly talk about ? We special party .	'Some kinds of fishes in the sea .'
When you hear two shouts or two whistles , you know that    people come help .	'someone needs help .'
According to the text , Gertjan Meeuws ' farming adaptable environment	'uses more water than outdoor farming'
"What did the writer imply by saying "" I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to ? "" He considers success people 's victory ."	"""He still does n't know who this victory truly belongs to ."""
What Rao said suggests that the new robot still early stage development	'is autonomous enough to complete complex commands'
According to the first report card , Karl n't well school	'did a good job at school'
"The "" short "" variants of 5-HTTLPR differ from the "" long "" variants of 5-HTTLPR in that former connected negative mood latter positive"	'the former is connected with positive mood while the latter negative'
Who is the most lkely tobe hired by IECC ? A woman taught high school four years Islamic belief .	'A man who has taught in high school for four years with Islamic belief .'
How do dolphins help fishermen catch fish ? By showing signs fishermen .	'By playing with other fish .'
What does the passage mainly deal with ? Different kinds sales .	'Reasons for the popularity of sales .'
The boy picked all the apples on the tree because needed money buy toys	'he liked the tree without apples'
The policeman n't understand really meant	"""did n't know the way"""
This passage mainly talks about all the following EXCEPT rules obey	'prices for theme parks'
After the author answered the first phone call , she concerned dinner	"""did n't want to go home"""
What do the suggested activities have in common ? Having fun saving green .	'Saving money and obeying school rules .'
What 's the best title of this passage ? A Dinner Conversation	'Requirements of a Good Teacher'
What is the author 's attitude according to the passage ? It 's acceptable people imperfect .	"""It 's strange for people to be born with limitation ."""
According to the passage , modern workforces are more diverse because retirement dates delayed economic reasons	'employees with different values can benefit their companies'
Why did Siva 's parents move to the USA ? They wanted son receive best treatment .	'They wanted their son to go to Stanford University .'
When the writer came back to the table , she was surprised because boy eating chocolate	'her chocolate had been eaten up'
Why do older people have deep wrinkles according to the passage ? Collagen body lost .	'Their daily foods do not contain enough fructose .'
What 's the writer 's attitude towards sweaters with animals on them ? They suitable college - aged students .	"""They will show you 're an animal lover ."""
What is a school counselor responsible for according to the passage ? Assisting students problems .	'Contact between students and parents .'
Why was it difficult for Ms Cheng to find another nursing Job ? People thought old work	"""People did n't think she had enough work experience"""
While observing a particular person , one tends choose certain cues look	'children often differ from grownups in perception'
Which of the following is true according to the text ? She came first list Forbes magazine .	"'She released the single "" Born this Way "" in 2008 .'"
Who inspires Tim Green to write the novel Unstoppable ? His wife .	'Jeffrey Keith'
By studying ESP , scientists may get to know human mind	'know more about human dreams'
The writer 's father should be best described as kind - hearted man lived faith	'a part - time jobber who loved flowers'
According to the text , Internet banking offers price advantages users	'is more efficient than traditional banking'
The young man 's grandpa wrote this letter to show succeed	'recall his whole life'
"A "" rubber - neck "" often cares people 's business"	'says bad words behind people'
A person is very likely to catch some type of cancer if always feeling extremely stressed worried	'he is very fond of exercise every day .'
From the passage , we know that the coral reefs die pollution	'can not live without fish in the sea'
How old are the kittens when they leave their mother ? Three months old .	'Eleven months old .'
The head teacher came to tell students class	'tell the students what language they would learn'
What is the current situation in the US ? The number murders rising .	'Everyone in the US possesses a gun .'
What can we learn about the Jarvic-7 ? It could used widely l 980s .	'It must be attached to a washing machine .'
What 's the best title for this passage ? Little things mean alot	'God help those who help themselves'
The best title is The First Black Woman Pilot	'How Women Learned to Fly'
Which one is NOT right ? Mary two twin sisters .	"""Mary 's grandparents are in China ."""
What might the author continue to talk about in the passage that follows ? How unintelligent person taught	'how to judge whether a person is intelligent'
According to the passage , Dennis Tito enjoyed trip much	'was too sick to eat anything in space'
Whale Inside is a place where people can meals darkness	'eat special dark food'
The car was damaged because elephant sat	'the circus man broke it'
Which of the following is NOT true about Ransom Myers ? He wrote book history marine protection .	'He became interested in marine protection when the cod fishery was in danger of collapse .'
Tourists are interested in Stonehenge mainly because history remains mystery	'nowhere else can they find a stone circle'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Let kids cheer kids	'Let kids learn to share'
What makes it hard to take work - family balance measures in the States ? The opposition business circles .	'The existing Family and Medical Leave Act .'
According to the writer 's idea , what can make people feel blue ? Hard times .	'A history book'
Where will you go if you want to know about the royal family ? Painted Hall .	'Discover Greenwich Visitor Centre .'
According to Joe , the appropriate fat intake may help absorption nutrients	'people to live longer'
What conclusion can we draw from the passage ? The argument Lucy died continue .	"""Lucy did n't die from falling out of a tree ."""
What can we learn about the Wild Network ? Both large organizations small join	'It was the best ever activity'
The best title   of the passage is     Passing help	'A broken car'
Most people liked to buy books in the shop because     books good people	'all the books were nice cookbooks'
About Tabatha Bundesen , we know that manages 's modeling career .	'she feels very tired of her famous cat .'
What is the main idea of the text ? How author changed woman 's life got job .	'Why the author had a hard time in France .'
According to Burns , how should teens get the necessary nutrients ? By eating whole foods .	'By taking vitamin pills .'
---Why did Tom stay behind after school ? ---Because something wrong	'his mother asked the teacher to do so'
"The "" search firms "" are most probably companies provide job - hunting service"	'companies that study job market and employment rate'
What does Professor Dodge do ?     He advises students participate certain program .	'He helps students prepare their resumes .'
"Peter has a bicycle which is much too small for him but he does not want to let his young brother ride on it . What would Peter 's mother say to him ? "" Do n't dog manger ."	"'"" To pour oil on troubled waters . ""'"
May 10 became the date for Mother 's Day because date Anna Jarvis 's mother died	'President Wilson liked the date'
Hercules is used to look ancient ships sea	'save lives in the sea'
The best title of this passage should be What Future Will Be Like	'Music and Software Development'
With Webshop , you buy everything need easily	"""ca n't go back to buy what you forget"""
What 's the purpose of reading Earthworms ? To put writer 's idea real use .	'To show the special life facts of earthworms .'
If a certain school team wins the champion of several matches school famous	'the players of the school team will be famous'
Why does Oklahoma appeal to General Electric Company ? University graduates state well trained .	'Many students in the state hope to be workers .'
A child may get career education in all the following places EXCEPT public places	'schools'
To win Puppy Mills are Bad Scholarship , you have to share game 6 friends	'love puppy mills very much'
According to Professor David Battisti , what should be done to deal with crops reduction caused by global warming ? To develop new crops	'To plant more crops .'
The author learned from this experience that     . small amount money bring much joy people	'we should make good use of the charity money'
The advertisement aims to    encourage students apply certain position bank	'tell the readers some experience in bank management'
Food poisoning can be caused by all the following EXCEPT low temperatures	'certain natural materials'
According to the informationin the passage , which is the best and fastest way to know more about the Web giant ? We 'd better visit web site- www . cyberteks , com .	"""We can write to his father for the kid 's information ."""
German universities are popular among US students mainly because offer multicultural landscape	'the students can get their degrees easily'
. Summer is a special time when many Americans travel countries	'get a new job'
One who wants to share a ride with NuRide users must offer name employer	'meet his car mates before the trip'
"The word "" fertilize "" in the sentence "" This is how many plants are fertilized "" probably means ""   introduce pollen plants"	'to start the development of young flowers'
Every bedroom at the Garden I Hotel has furniture local style	'a bathroom with a carpet from wall to wall'
Why is Jeff in bed at 8 a.m. ? Because Sunday .	"""Because he does n't like school ."""
The passage mainly talks about popular movie	'a film company'
According to Judy Herrel , Web better tool information	'the Web can talk the students everywhere'
If someone wants to learn English , which programme is the best ? Follow Billy .	'World sport'
How was the air in London 100 years ago ? It clean .	'It was the cleanest in the history of London .'
Mr Brown seems to see the summit as high - level international cooperation	'the only way to solve the world problems'
The author mentioned the Ferrari sports cars in order to focus attention air pollution	'tell us that Shanghai is a developed city'
Why did Millie smile for the first time in gym class ? She something well last .	'She knew the class would cheer for her .'
What is John Harrison 's job ? An ice - cream taster .	'An ice - cream manufacturer .'
Which is the most common way of communication among young students today ? Texting	'Writing letters'
The purpose of this passage is to amuse readers	"""praise Larry Belmont 's bravery"""
What is the Great Gorilla Run held for ? To collect money Central Africa	'To film a new Planet of the Apes'
Which of the following could be the best title for the passage ? Calmness Chaos	'A Clever Baggage Handler'
To save lions , what are NOT in the passage ? Do lion count year .	'Tell people about the problems .'
After reading the passage , what do you think the artist would probably do ? He would thankful assistant saved life .	"""He would n't allow the assistant to work with him any more ."""
We can infer from the passage that the writer is probably an expert child behavior	'in training pets'
The main purpose of the article is to tell students study well .	'make parents interested in study'
By calling American marrying people the author means that Americans , compared Europeans , prefer marriage accept younger age	'Americans expect more out of marriage than Europeans'
According to the passage , who ought to get off the bus ? One youngsters	'The dog'
The author writes the passage mainly to advise parents let kids experience nature	'stress the importance of natural science'
We can safely draw a conclusion from the story that in the author 's eye her father deepest love daughter	"""has great interest in his daughter 's car"""
Why did Professor Edwards begin his research on tube baby ? Because thought great significance child life .	'Because his fellow scientist wanted to give hope to the unlucky couples .'
The research done by the Dement Commission shows that Americans sleep less good	"""do n't like to take naps"""
El Nino is known as warming waters Pacific Ocean	'the weather phenomenon that brings heavy rains to Africa'
The English teacher the writer disliked most hurt students ' feelings	"""did n't let his students do the grading"""
Fiona Anthony set up the website help people choose activities events 're interested	'to design some activities for event organizers'
The Baciu 's opened House of Hope influence friend	'with the help of the Germany government'
Which of the follwing services might not be offered by the travel agent ? Taking care house .	'Finding trustworthy doctors .'
The passage is mainly about possible cause aircraft incidents	'the disadvantages of electronic devices'
"In the writer 's opinion , love means sending flowers Valentine 's Day saying 
 "" I love . """	'her parents love to make money .'
The author thinks when one forgives ,      . stick past welcomes bright side life	'he tries his best to forget the bad experience'
What is the best title for the text ? Is boredom bad ?	'How can I get rid of boredom ?'
Watching TV for a long time may lead heart attack	'help you live a healthy life'
What should you do if you really do n't have the money to read ? To visit public library .	'To buy some books from amazon.com .'
The writer thinks a new climber should begin becoming fit	'do enough sports to get interested in climbing'
According to the text , what do we know about Pitbull ? His songs well received .	'He sang the last Fifa World Cup song .'
Which of the following is true about the Rideau Canal ? It originally military purpose	'It is the oldest canal system inNorth America'
Tom was a student , but at the same time he was assistant	'a butcher and a doctor'
People can get a Specialized Associate Degree by studying spare time	'doing full - time learning at school'
According to Ummu Bradley Thomas , which of the following is the best way to deal with the guests ? Kindly explaining need use computer .	'Simply letting him keep using the computer as he likes .'
What does the father 's advice imply ? It wrong give pay passengers .	'It is difficult to work hard and live as an honest boy .'
What do we know about homeschooled children ? They spare time play .	"""They do n't interact with their peers often ."""
The author 's classmates were always laughing at her because she born different	"""failed to win her teacher 's love"""
According to the passage , you can infer that 's hard decide whether software enjoy popularity	'the software will turn out to be an immediate success in the market'
What does the minor say about social networks ? They effects similar marriage .	"""They help relieve people of their life 's burdens ."""
What would the writer do when he had a failure ? He would forget failure start next experiment .	'He used to think out the reasons and then continue to do it again .'
Which of the following is NOTtrue according to the passage ? The public often stares speaker 's arms .	'making eye contact with the audience can help a speaker .'
In the experiment , the plants were talked two different ways	'both given love and attention'
What is the passage mainly about ? Eyewitness accounts wrong .	'Major causes of innocent persons being convicted .'
The wife did so much for her husband that morning probably because moved words	'her husband got drunk'
From the passage we can find out    GM plants produce food	'scientists find the GM plants by accident'
The new models of artificial hearts are expected set fully patient 's chest	'to have a working life of 10 or 20 years'
What is generally thought the main cause of deaths in Chile ? tsunami	'the magnitude 9.5 earthquake'
Young children go to work forced	'in order to be skillful in a certain kind of work'
If the school team win the match everyone school feel proud	'the teachers of the school will be happy'
We may infer from the passage that rats endanger human beings ' life	'young people are to blame for the rat population'
If you want to use energy free , you have to keep roof unchanged within 25 years	'sell the roof to some energy companies'
The tenants did not like harsh land agent	'the English landowner'
McDonald 's and KFC give money to support scientist to do research on animals ,        because    pressured animal right groups .	'they love animals .'
How was the writer 's hometown in the old days ? poor beautiful	'rich and beautiful'
The best title for the passage would be God 's Coffee	"""Professor 's Coffee Cups"""
During the Jewish New Year , children often wear new clothes	"""people do n't mention things they have done wrong"""
Mr. Ding is a teacher of ( ...... ) Chinese	'an English school'
Maria likes A B	'working nights and weekends .'
Which of the following emphasizes gradual weight loss ? Alli Diet Pill .	'Miracle Fat Burning Cream .'
We can infer from the passage that emergency workers need images detailed information badly	'must send images and details immediately'
What is the problem with Airbnb customers according to the passage ? They noisy hosts ' neighbours .	'They are allowed not to pay taxes .'
Paul felt uneasy because he worried coming test .	"""could n't find his history notebook ."""
Whom did the man go to a flower shop to order flowers for ? His mother .	'A little girl .'
Which of the following is true about Jake Erie ? It popular scenic spot Cleveland .	'It lies in the city of Cincinnati .'
In the opinion of Inna Ignatovich , advertising is important part marketing .	'really a kind of TV art .'
What does he see looking at him ? A tiger	'Two green eyes'
The text is written to tell kid changed learning street dance	'tell the advantages of learning street dance'
What does peter think is cool ? Playing basketball .	'Playing football .'
President Obama finds it encouraging that NBA matches returned normal	'Jeremy Lin is becoming more popular'
The construction of more city buildings leads to poor quality air	'fewer energy costs'
Why are Miresmailli 's photos usually not satisfactory ? He n't care much photograph skills .	"""He does n't take enough pictures ."""
What can we learn about the Siena College Research Institute 's survey ? It carried five times .	'It is made after a President leaves office .'
When Sandy and his colleagues conducted their research , they assessed multitasking ability students	"""measured the changes of the students ' understanding ability"""
What can be inferred from this passage ? New laws necessary difficult put practice .	'Laws are just a way for greedy companies to control their products .'
The greatest honor an Indian could earn was right use father 's name	'a name given by the chief'
What can we learn from the passage ? We know Takashi 's school clothes .	"""Takashi does n't eat lunch with his teacher ."""
According to the passage , the cancellation of entrance fees to national museums in 2001 caused financial problems museums	'has no influence on the number of visitors'
Who of the following would NOT be interested in Antarctica ? Adventurers decide climb Mount Everest .	"""Scientists who are studying the world 's air ."""
How did they play in Europe ? They good time .	"""They did n't enjoy the sights there ."""
What can Mr. Chen teach you ? To play chess .	'To speak English .'
In the virtual fitting room , what is on the screen ? A camera	'A fitting room'
If one can not sleep , it is suggested that he take less two tablets going bed .	'take two tablets before going to bed .'
Which of the following might be the best title of the passage ? Space Tourists	'A Space Exploration'
Which can be the best title of the passage ? Power Of Everyday Repetition	'Do Anything Every Day'
What is Andrew Leigh 's opinion ? Gook - looking females likely earn .	'Beauty is a double - edged sword for workers .'
A tale about fairies   should be read rapidly	"""to change one 's speed fast to slow"""
What is the main idea of the passage ? It never late take real challenge .	'How a woman is able to run a marathon at 63 .'
"Which two words mean the same as "" large "" ? big huge"	'big and double'
Casual nightmare sufferers are advised to n't take dreams seriously	'realize the emotional significance of daily events'
The Anatolia Tourism Development Cooperative protected the Valley by attending natural growth	'making it a natural preservation area'
The duck in the story considered dead put refrigerator	'stayed in the refrigerator to keep its body temperature low'
A change in the consumer market can be found today that quality rather outside products concerned	'producers prefer models to celebrities for achievements'
Which of the following statements is true according to the information above ? Hubei Government also issued travel routes visitors	'The spots cover an area of 22 square kilometers .'
If you want to become a good speaker you should practise speaking public	'attend all kinds of courses'
If you work in a joint Venture   Company , you probably take the_course . Intermediate Business English	'Standard Spoken English'
Maddie encourages readers to research making argument	'play mobile games within limits'
What can the Seeing Eye dog do ? Help blind people	'Train blind people'
What do we know about Richard according to the passage ? He start space tour children .	'He is in charge of the interview of the first flight .'
According to Mr. Braun , Suleyman work wonders computer	'has united InteliData Technologies Corp. with another computer company'
The author 's family went to Florida to treat Gina illness .	'see the dolphins'
The author 's weaknesses in English do n't include poor pronunciation www.ks5u.com	'the lack of professional learning'
Which of the following statements is NOT true about Albrecht Durer ? He began earn living graduation	'He wanted his brother to go to the academy'
"Which of the following best explains the meaning of the word "" shoplifting "" used in the passage ? Taking goods shop without paying ."	"""Taking goods to the ladies ' toilet ."""
Present weather forecasting technology A B	'has made weather report more exact than ever'
This magazine 's focus includes the following topics EXCEPT something timely news	'the local customs and interests of the local readers'
What can we infer from the passage ? The president company responsible person .	'The author may also believe in the chicken brand .'
What do we know about the two books ? They easy understand .	'They are good choices for novel - readers .'
It can be inferred that the author 's mother tried show love daughter operation	'was very nervous the day before the operation'
Which of the following is the best title of this passage ? Once teacher , always	"""Mom 's will"""
What is Bill Jones ? He English teacher .	"""He is Mr. Black 's friend ."""
What would be the best title for the passage ? Feeding world baking .	'The best way to raise money .'
What can we learn from Anna Sophia Robb 's words ? She absorbed story .	"""She does n't believe Bethany 's story ."""
Those who eat with both arms on the table at home probably habit meals restaurant	'will probably change the habit when eating out with their relatives'
When did van Gogh begin his career as an artist ? At age 27 .	'In his early adult adult life .'
What is true about children when they play games ? They stop playing time like .	"""They do n't need rules ."""
There were too many people in the ping - pong room , so Wang Bing added another five tables	'said ping - pong was good for health'
"By saying "" I am now nothing better and I 'm nothing worse "" , Ms . Muller meant that modest"	'she was no worse than the other German writers'
The research shows that people without enough sleep will eat food	'dream during their sleep'
It is NOT mentioned in the passage that codes and ciphers are used for the purpose of scientific achievements	'commercial secrets'
"By saying "" Then you will know what life is all about -- it is bumpy , as the roads are."",Premier Wen want to tell the students that Life filled various difficulties , must overcome"	'they should forget the earthquake and study harder'
The young woman wanted Sam to help others	'get on her bus'
Sick animals were often seen quiet making little movement	'drinking more water than other animals'
What would the girl like to eat ? Cake .	'Raw eggs .'
The merchant 's answer showed that he angry nobleman	'believed the nobleman'
From the passage we know that the author valued dropping	'dropped out when he was 17 years old'
From the text we learn that Emma thankful Mr. Potts	'won a scholarship to George Washington University'
The writer thought he must have the wallet with him because paid taxi - driver	'the waiter had seen it on the table'
Who taught the young man to be polite ? His teacher	'the boy'
Angry Birds is online game	'a game show on TV'
"The best title for this passage should be "" Breaking News"	'Good News'
What did Tom and Rob learn from this experience ? They could something new fun .	'Mrs. Jenkins needed help to walk the dog .'
The writer quoted    L. Giambra and Eric Klinges to support ideas	'report the latest research on daydreaming'
You can learn to swim by going water learning	'looking at others swimming'
Which of the following statement is true ? Sometimes n't need much increase job happiness .	'A gym contributes less to job happiness than green plants .'
Americans usually use motor homes to    Travel family members holidays	'Do some shopping with all the family members'
People sometimes set a fish free after catching it because they     n't want food	"""do n't want it to die"""
An e - schoolbag is small computer	'much heavier than a usual schoolbag'
What will Anna do if she gets 5 million ? Put three million bank spend 2 million .	'Buy an island'
To get a student visa approved , you have to prove that enough money study	'your sponsor will support your study for one year'
Which is the best title for the passage ? Green Promise .	'Collecting Waste Paper .'
The writer mainly wants to tell the readers that learning get leads success	'the giraffe is an unusual animal'
In the first sentence of the passage , the writer implies that kids live unsafe life parts world	'the balls sent to kids should be of good quality'
Supermarket managers make the food attractive so customers buy	'it is in the diary section'
Where did O. Henry get most material for his short stories ? The city people New York .	'His life inside the prison .'
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Jane likes learning English .	'Jane likes drawing big pictures .'
Why did the man go back to his home ?    Because straw home .	'Because the shop was closed .'
Which of the following is true about the girl according to the passage ? She played basketball well could compete boys .	"""She felt sad when her coach did n't allow her to play for a college team ."""
The Norwegian Government would prefer the oil industry to slow rate development	'sell the oil it is producing abroad'
The purpose of the writer in writing this passage is to tell us that appreciate beautiful things life	'the nature in the morning is very beautiful'
Who are now married couple ? Story Kurio	'Dang Isbell and Foss'
In the author 's opinion , in order to make fake foning look real one has to appear absorbed conversation	'hold the phone while walking'
The author liked staying with her grandparents because curious people things	'she could have tea parties and eat sandwiches'
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? The Cool Firefly	'Insects and Beetles'
What do you think is the main reason for the girl to leave the next day ? She n't want others know unluckiness .	"""She did n't know the teacher 's kindness to her ."""
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? If get something free , treasure .	'Gain is necessary for getting your pain .'
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Micro - Blog Makes Way Business	'Micro - Blog : A Double - Edged Sword'
It can be inferred from the passage that Yocum and Bell got inspiration decorating old building	'turned more old buildings into art galleries'
Compulsive bargain hunters buy things for all the following reasons except that really need things buy	'the things they buy are cheap'
This text is mainly about TV advertisement usually like USA	'what made Herbie and Doris not bored any more'
All the members work some time every day mainly to    . find useful things pleasure work	'learn new skills of farming'
What do you know about the contest ? It aims help protect amphibians .	'It will publicize the artworks on TV .'
According to the passage , the reason why the author refused to give some money to the beggar probably is that thought beggar lying	"""he was n't fond of beggars"""
What should we do when our parents ' fighting bothers us ? Talk feelings .	"""Say something we do n't really mean ."""
Why do koalas sleep much in the day ? They ca n't get enough energy tough foods	"""They ca n't get enough water from their leaves"""
Saying each word to yourself as you read reduces reading efficiency	'increases reading speed'
We can infer that people went clinic beginning	'the clinic is well equipped'
After the students use the toilets , they should clean wash hands	'use paper provided by themselves'
What is NOT true about e - Radiator according to the passage ? It launched onto market .	'It is a computer server used as an alternative heating source .'
This passage is mainly about bronze medal winners happier silver medalists	'who the happiest among the Olympics medal winners is'
The passage is developed mainly by reasoning giving examples	'pointing out the present situation of high school students'
What is an American way to deal with a cold ? Take vitamin pills drink much water .	"""Turn to the doctor 's for medication   ."""
Where will the tourists have their lunch ? At Eiffel Tower .	'At St Pancras International .'
If you are fond of art , you can pay a visit to    Lyon Isle Skye	'Lyon and Iceland'
According to the passage , the best way to keep slim is Food - choosing	'Eating milk and bananas'
The aim of the study in theJournal of the American Geriatrics Societyis see whether people 's personality affects life span	'to investigate the role of exercise in living a long life'
It can be inferred that the writer 's friend customer credit card company	'was the manager of the customer service department'
What 's the aim of the study by the Australian research team ? To find reasons myopia .	'To find the ways to treat myopia .'
You should face the mirror and say that you love yourself so that you can grow confident	'imagine a positive future ahead of you'
Most visitors come to Newcastle in order to watch soccer team play	'take the local tour buses'
What did Mrs. Harris think of the times of the meals in the hotel ? She thought would spend much time meals instead travelling .	'She thought they would have enough time to have meals .'
Which sentence is true about the first Harry Potter book ? It took writer several years finish .	'Rowling got the idea from her daughter .'
What might be the best title for the text ? Five Tech Tools College Students	'How to Choose the Latest Smartphone'
According to the text , Miss Holm built up her fortune by buying stocks	'helping in the hospital'
. Tom could n't steal from a bank because     would n't time though dared	'he did not believe in the older man'
The girl walked back because afraid dark	"""her mother would n't go with her"""
On the first day in Paris , the writer felt surprised beauty	'lonely in the big city'
Both Hillary and Barack face difficult odds mainly because women blacks hold high official positions American history	'women take up 51 % of the American population'
It can be inferred from the passage that Thomas first boy names 1994	"""Courtney climbed in the boy 's list in 2008 compared with 2007"""
Which of the following statements about Mexicans is true according to the passage ? Young people migrant Mexican families access career choices .	'Mexicans like to find jobs far away from home .'
What 's Mark 's plan ? To drive far possible walk .	'To leave before dawn and leave Sarah behind .'
What can we know about Miyazaki 's film The Wind Rises ? It describes horrors war .	'It is an Oscar - winning film .'
According to the survey , compared with those who do n't work , teens with after - school jobs are usually better school	'able to find a better job after graduation'
According to Matthew Kuzma , the key to finding an ideal job is to figure really enjoy specialize	'find the people who are willing to do the heavy lifting for you'
From the passage , we know that author fond imagining others ' life experiences	'the things the author bought from the woman are too big'
At last Mr. Jones felt sorry lost sale good job	'was successful in selling the house'
Which of the following caused some people to leave their table ? Two boys came smelled bad .	"""There was n't enough food in the restaurant ."""
The author is satisfied with her parents ' way of raising her because become independent	'she is about to leave the tiger den'
The Hungarian wanted to go back to Hungary to home town	'visit his old friends there'
"Why do emails with "" FYI "" make the author uneasy ? She 's afraid get bad news parents ."	"""She dislikes her parents ' nonstop talking ."""
What 's the writer 's opinion of discipline ? It good students long run .	'It makes the students dislike their teachers .'
The boy could have been saved if Dr. Eyck arrived two hours earlier	'Dr. Eyck had arrived earlier than the man'
The young man untied the string find young tree bent one side	'in order to see if the young tree grew taller'
What 's the best title for the passage ? A lucky girl	'A broken plane'
What happened to the 1ittle girl named Lisa at last ? She got better antibodies brother .	'She lost her little brother .'
Why did the Taliban attack Malala ? She spoke publicly girls ' rights education .	"""She did n't want to be a member of the Taliban ."""
What can visitors learn in the StarRider Theater ? The movement stars night sky .	'The history of the Adler Planetarium Chicago .'
The girl thought the writer was rich perhaps because saw cups matched saucers	"""she saw that the lady 's room was comfortable"""
The police were rather angry because thought case little importance	'the author and Jeremy could not tell the police anything'
What requirement stated in the advertisement does Ms Dankert NOT address ? Knowledge computer software .	'Management experience .'
The author 's purpose of writing this story is probably to inform readers poaching	'persuade readers to become rangers'
The following tradition is mentioned in the passage EXCEPT for flying flag child 's bed	'having a big family party'
Which of the animals is the most dangerous according to the writer ? Grizzly Bears .	'Vervet monkeys .'
We can make a conclusion from this passage that Watson confident brave could overcome troubles	'made the world round voyage for money'
What can be the best title of the passage ? New In - Car Device Speeding .	'Speed Alert and Its Future Use .'
Beijing native Tan Ge was refused a U.S. visa probably because he supposed unsafe U.S.	'had got a full scholarship in the U.S.'
what happened to the author on September 11th , 1958 ? He got baby brother .	'He got a Christmas gift'
Which of the following might be the best title of the text ? Let kids fail	'Live without parents'
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? My Medical Choice	'My Breast Operation'
When visiting the castle , you can buy eco - friendly products Castle Shop	'get old - fashioned English roses as gifts'
"Which sentence is about the "" Repair "" rule ? If chair broken , repair ."	"""Do n't use plastic bags ."""
Why are some iPhone users expecting a new type of phone ? Because limited service high cost .	"""Because they accept Google 's announcement ."""
Why did n't the cattle run away when a cowboy sang beautiful songs ? Because cattle enjoyed music much went sleep .	"""Because the cattle knew he did n't leave them ."""
"The word "" lift "" in the passage means ride car"	'an offer of cleaning cars'
What is mainly described in the passage ? An event imagination .	'An event will happen on the earth .'
The text is written to tell us that help sometimes comes unusual forms	'dolphins can treat many illnesses'
According to the passage , human beings get into trouble because sometimes ca n't control feelings	"""they do n't pay attention to their physical changes"""
According to the passage , the greatest challenge to the new high - speed railway plan is financial problems	'maintenance of railway tracks'
Taking cat naps make people feel better	'can help people to become famous'
"Why did John Tierney think "" recycling is garbage "" ? Because considered recycling wasteful activity ."	"""Because he did n't think recycling was a new idea ."""
With the help of Itgel , the Tsaatan did the following EXCEPT research treating reindeer diseases	'building a community and visitor center'
What was George Lueas 's life like in high school ? He n't spend much time studies .	'He was the best race ear driver .'
To work as a cleaner , you must hand application form 12 noon May 12th 2014	'work full - time'
What is the good family tradition of the author 's friend 's ? Taking things worth appreciation .	'Having Thanks giving dinner together with family members .'
After reading the passage , we can know use ATM	'how to own the bank card'
Before the enclosures of the 17thand 18th , people lived mainly on unpaid work	'paid work'
What does the word FAQs in the title of the article mean ? Frequently asked questions .	'Fantastic African qualities .'
The police officer questioned the man because seen man something strange	'he thought he recognised the man'
What do you know about the old man ? He judged people looking eyes .	'He gave the last rider an opportunity to help .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Robots Dogs Can Equally Cheer Elderly	'No More Lonely Old Age with Emotional Robots'
According to the passage , Sam Berns was a boy optimistic view life	'with a passive view on life'
Which of the following is TRUE ? Panrit often stays grandma 's home .	'Panrit likes watering the plants at home .'
What do we know about the kids who like asking questions ? They want get right answers .	'They often ask easy questions .'
Which of the following is NOT true ? All magic Egyptian tablets exhibition .	'Larry Daley is a character in the film .'
In the next fifty years , researchers Say , bison will become smaller lighter	'adapt to different climate changes'
According to this passage , what does a typical pickpocket look like ? A clever calm man .	'A fat rich man .'
"By saying "" Yet always there was some distance to be crossed , "" the writer infers that relationship close"	'their children lived in a town five hours away'
What happens after Pi arrives in Mexico ? The Mexicans doubt experience .	'The tiger dies .'
Why did the frog that succeeded in jumping to safety neglect the other frogs ' comments ? Because could hardly hear frogs said .	'Because he would like to jump out of the pit .'
TV news agencies turn to freelance cameramen in order to get first - hand information pictures	'satisfy the greed of the freelance cameramen'
What is the most important thing for us to do to save our world ? We know .	'We should plant more trees and flowers .'
"When talking about work , if a boss says to his assistant , "" you ca n't hold a candle to me "" , he means that his assistant efficient job"	'should work as a servant instead of an assistant'
Which of the following is n't included about mass media in the passage ? sports	'famous people'
The passage seems to suggest that the present situation in society requires that workers should try develop skills fit changes	'go to college to have their skills up to date'
What did Amy do when she first walked past Mr. Dawson 's house ? She smiled greeted .	'She talked with him like old friends .'
Why did the author leave home ? To attend music festival .	"""To visit her husband 's cousin ."""
The new bucket made conversations with the old one mainly to laugh old one	"""praise the gardener 's kindness"""
Who can Garland probably be ? A health researcher	'A public health official'
Holmes was supposed to have lived Dr Watson	'with Doyle'
Why is carbon monoxide called the silent killer ? Because easily noticed .	'Because it kills and injures people .'
We can learn from the passage that we should throw away hatred inside	'throw away the rotten potatoes'
Gordon Brown was successful in his childhood because he intelligent	'became the youngest student at Edinburgh University'
Sea Life Melbourne Aquarium offers visitors wheelchair access	'free car parking'
What happened after books became cheaper ? Knowledge ideas spread quickly .	"""People did n't want to buy books ."""
In New England , stone walls are used keep farmer 's cattle wandering away	"""to protect the farmer 's fields from thieves"""
In the writer 's opinion , something that is thought to be the most precious should be able to change person 's even whole family 's life history	"""have a great effect on one person 's life"""
Why does the author congratulate his men readers at the beginning of the passage ? They lived long enough read article .	'They are more likely to survive serious diseases today .'
"A man named Walter Scott had the first "" diner "" in 1872 . Why is the word "" diner "" in quotation marks ? Because first diner"	'Because diner was a new word'
Robert wanted learn could n't wake parents	'to stop playing at cards'
The piggy ban originally was cheap clay container	'a pig - like toy for children'
From the passage we know the moon was made of rocks	'earth'
What is the author 's final goal in life ? To good father .	'To remove negative energy from life .'
Who 's under the bed ? David John	'Lily and Sally'
According to the passage , Elizabeth Blackwell moved America family eleven	"""decided to be a doctor due to her father 's death"""
"Which of the following signs does n't have an insulting meaning ? The "" Corna "" ."	"'The "" V Sign "" .'"
What kind of book did the Bible seem to be to the writer 's father ? It good book could help trouble .	'It was a book that told you how to get a good job and a good future .'
Li Na is the first Asian woman to win a Grand Slam final in French Open	'the Australian Open Tennis Championships'
Where did Harris meet Luca Parmitano ? At airport .	'In the International Space Station .'
What would you be expected to do if you were invited to spend a weekend with some Cape Cod homeowners ? Get food water ready .	'Make a financial contribution to the cost .'
Which is the best title for this passage ? Share others ' difficulty ; share others ' happiness	'Only a mouth painter can help the girl'
The young man says the seat is for woman	'a man'
At first , when did the writer always finish her homework ? Between classes next day .	'Before it was time to hand it in .'
George searched for his gloves in a mad way because would rather spend money another pair	'he could not find other gloves as good as this pair'
Professor Joan McLean ' s course aims to prepare students try invention	"""inform students of the windshield wiper ' s invention"""
. What 's the main idea of the passage ? A British teenager became youngest person sail solo around world .	'How a British teenager developed his sailing hobby .'
A person who wants to take part in the activity enjoy good time besides making contributions	'will take a long walk with other people'
What happens to the ice hotels in spring ? They melt away .	'They need more ice .'
Why could n't Edward walk very far ? Because weak .	"""Because he did n't like walking ."""
What can we learn from the story ? Sometimes least us threatened , might risk .	'Traps can always cause chain reactions'
The purpose of this passage is to introduce movie called Night Museum	'introduce a book called Night at the Museum'
From the passage , we can see that Bill is Mr Green	"""Mr Green 's son"""
What was n't the author 's mother worried about ? The author could n't speak local language .	'It might be difficult for the author to find a job .'
The participants for the researchers to collect data are mostly from residents Framingham	'the Framingham Heart Study'
What prevents child care centers from saving money ? Strict government regulations .	'Steady increase in labor costs .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Global warming changing nature 's clock	'Bird migration and climate change'
In order to urge more and more people to prevent food waste , we design a poster with the words Waste , want !	'Enjoy the food !'
Who would be interested in these art camps ? Kids want improve skills .	'Kids who expect to find pleasure in art .'
What will the author do if she wants something from her husband now ? She tells needs directly .	'She lets him guess what she wants .'
What Pasi Sahlberg says in the passage suggests that competition among teachers harmful education	'children should start school as early as possible'
From the passage , we can learn Lucy call Sue bag	'found a bag in the library'
".According to the first story , the term "" OK "" first used President Jackson"	'was approved of by President Jackson'
What was the author 's dream ? She could desired without interruption .	'She could keep the living room tidy .'
One of the possible functions of the smartphone - like glasses is to provide information surroundings	'update the maps and GPS in your smartphones'
Why does Steven 's mother give him a notebook ? She wants write name much buys something .	'Steven asks her to buy one for him .'
Language is used to exchange ideas	'practice grammar rules'
In England , a boy 's opinion of a match is often good man	'three or four times better than that of a man'
What 's the best title of this passage ? How Make More Friends	'Learn to Listen to People'
Who has no arms or legs ? The Kokeshi dolls .	"""Boys ' dolls ."""
What can science fiction offer to people ? A forecast new discovery could influence mankind .	'An analysis of why a new technology could be used to harm human .'
". "" I 'm not lost "" means ""   I n't lost way ."	"""I 'm not a fool ."""
What does the author want to tell readers about her personal experiences ? Things give us happiness experiences .	'It is really enjoyable eating outside .'
The disadvantage of credit cards is encourage people spend money	'to help people tide over a period of financial difficulty'
What do you know about James Kennedy ? He concerned writer 's sufferings .	'He offered the writer a house in California .'
She first won her name through explanation set difficult understandings	'publishing essays in magazines like Partisan Review'
Why does Loe suggest starting with herbs ? They easy grow .	'They can grow very tall'
The third news mainly tells us check writing tasks finished	'the incorrect agreement of subject and verb'
The passage is mainly discussing whether necessary telephone	'that important message will reach you sooner or later'
Which is TRUE according to the second piece of information ? What wear taken consideration interview .	'It is OK to dress informally for an interview if the work environment is casual .'
What can we learn form the passage ? Abraham Lincoln kind - hearted great man .	'Birds care more about their fellows than man .'
In Lancashire 's opinion , email is a wonderful technology because express free way	'it is the fastest way to communicate'
Which one of the following films made Audrey win an Oscar Best Actress Award ?     Roman Holiday	"""Young Wives ' Tale as Eve Lester"""
Which is NOT true according to the passage . ? Lucy sells birds .	'Lucy helps the birds .'
The girl usually goes school late	'likes going to school late'
What do you think inspired Horvath in developing Gyrotonics ? The movements animals .	'His use of a special machine .'
The Cat asked the Man to lick his hands to let man think like distract attention death	'make sure whether the Man loved him or not'
What is the passage mainly about ? A successful tennis player .	'How to win in tennis games .'
Why do the air problems and environmental protection become a concern for the whole nation ? Because poor air bad people 's health .	"""Because people ca n't see things clearly ."""
"Which is RIGHT   according to the passage ? People usually dinner home family . 
 loyal  
 hurt  
 ideal    
 useful  
 museum    
 restaurant  
 replace   , 
 together"	"""Food in McDonald 's is good ."""
According to Harry Fremont , a good fragrance is a balance between naturals man - made materials	'wood and materials with special smell'
It is implied that one of the most significant changes in higher education in the past decade is concept marketing	'the college name'
What are adults free to do according to the passage ? They free make decisions .	'They are free to decide when to celebrate their own birthdays .'
It is difficult for people to find real happiness because believe happiness fun life without pain	'they find pain equals unhappiness'
Which of the followings is Not mentioned   in the passage ? Visit During Weekends	'Book Tickets In Advance'
Whatcheerleaders should do is to lead the crowd     cheer favorite teams	'to be good high jumpers'
Foreigners used to come to Shanghai to short visit	'learn the Shanghai dialect'
Which of the following is right according to the passage ? Your friends online may want meet .	'People online never tell their friends their real names .'
According to the taxt , what is Bright Future probably ? A scholarship organization	'A government school'
.Terry Semel was the CEO of Yahoo	'Facebook'
How is Kenny different from other students ? He owned food company 16 .	'He opened a cooking club in his high school .'
What was the idea of Lincoln about the man named Jacob Thompson ? .He allowed go away .	'.His elephant should be let run .'
According to the passage we know that earth looks like colored ball	'the extreme temperature breaks rocks away from the surface of mountains'
The children visiting the writer 's workshops might learn review beliefs	'learn how to keep off snakes'
This passage is about    Why writer likes Pisa	'How the leaning Tower of Pisa got its name'
Who clarifies the idea in his / her work that people are socially related ? Ruth 0zeki .	'Rebecca Solnit .'
Mr. Lee thought the English boy friendly	"""should n't ring the bell at midnight"""
The TELP program makes sure students communicative atmosphere	'makes sure students learn the English language for four months'
This passage is for parents	'children'
Why does Keith tell Nita the riddle about the hamburger and patty ? Because wants happy	'Because he wants to impress Nita'
Mobile technology has constantly been improved to increase network speed .	'replace broadband'
Human would depend on the controlled production of a few plants for living with appearance agriculture	'the knowledge of plants'
What is the best title of the text ? The care keeping friends	'The good friends around you'
The author started drawing again in 1995 because could n't stop missing father	'he had more time after retirement'
The passage is written for people also suffer bulimia	'who major in bulimia at university'
We can learn from the passage that boy 's mother bought toys	"""the boy 's mother paid him all money he asked for"""
The Dead Sea is lifeless because water salty anything grow	'the water in it is too cold'
Jackson Auh thought at first that the woman 's car battery problem	'had been damaged by a snake'
What 's the best title of the passage ? How Drive Icy Roads .	'The Rules of Driving .'
The passage implies that many people go countries great determination	'illegal immigrants cause great damage to developed countries'
The author feels sad sometimes because people fail see kindness others	'some people pretend to be kind'
The PC starts working slower software infected problems	'until we pull out our hair in the PC'
We can infer from the passage that words meaningful many	'a friend who says little must be a good friend'
"Why did almost all parents dislike the term "" summer school "" ? They cherish children 's rights freedom much ."	"'They are worried about the quality of the "" summer school "" .'"
When his family moved often , the author could n't stay friends long time	'make friends easily'
Compared with Britannica , Wikipedia easier edit revise	'contains far more information'
Why do people often buy things they do n't need ? Because everyone wants fashionable	'people care about the environment'
The telephone was near office	"""near Mr Jone 's house"""
We can learn from the text that Yin Jianli advocates learning mistakes	'makes a good living only by writing books'
Where did they sleep ? In tents .	"""At the guide 's home ."""
It can be inferred from the passage that Americans interested fast automobiles	'Americans prefer cars to anything else'
Why was the writer nervous when he was at Merchiston Castle School on the first day ? Because shy .	"""Because he did n't know the school well ."""
Which is the best title for the passage ? The Power WIIFM	'The Importance of Goals'
The bumpkin thought short fat woman changed young girl room	'his wife was more beautiful than the short fat woman'
The passage mentions all the following points EXCEPT physics study	'teacher assistants'
The purpose of what the writer said at the age of 12 was to end poverty solve problems environment	'find environmental answers and keep the words that they always told themselves'
Kate worked very hard before the exams for n't want fail .	"""she did n't work hard all year ."""
The new study was done in children 's homes	"""a children 's club"""
When the author was walking the 5th round n't want continue walking	'he was enjoying walking in the park'
The University of Hawaii lies outside center Honolulu	'outside the city of Honolulu'
The old lady was moved by the waitress because offered wonderful service	'there was a sweet smile on her face'
"Which do you think is the best title for this passage ? "" Confucius Says "" Into Classes"	'The Analects of Confucius'
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? Delivery Robots Replace Takeaway Drivers	'New Robots to Move on the Road'
From the story , we learn that Hilary 's aunt was kind - hearted wise	'careless about money'
What has mainly led to PC 's negative attitude to life ? The contrast devotion others ignored .	'The contrast between her easy life and her family members busy life .'
What can we know about the Wilds according to the text ? It connected many zoos US .	'It is aimed at protecting many kinds of animals .'
The reason why the boy remembers Mr. Young is that understood boy	'he missed one of his fingers'
This robot is special mainly because it make various complex facial expressions	'looks just like Albert Einstein'
What were volunteers asked to do ? Find way maze .	'Dream a task .'
The author writes the passage intending to share feelings drop - tradition	'encourage people to be drop - in visitors'
Laresce had to do long - time physiotherapy to recover joint dislocations	'reduce the pains in knees and joints'
Which statement is a possible theme of this story ? You ca n't always make people believe truth .	"""People should take the blame for what they did n't do ."""
The students in Hangzhou Yongjin Middle School had an activity about earning money	'selling books'
Compared with graduates of other subjects , social science graduates ready change situations change	'are equally good at computer skills'
Which of the following statements is TRUE about Junelle 's   food collecting ? She spent several hours week .	'The food to be collected will increase year by year .'
Where does this text probably come from ? A science report .	"""Children 's literature ."""
Who will teach the workers to learn sign language ? Diana	"""Diana 's mother"""
The only way for James to earn money was to find part - time job	'ask Mr. Clay for help'
Before going to sleep children like to enjoy funny books	'fairy tales'
This story is mainly about a girl saving baby turtles	'turning lights off at night'
What 's the best title for this passage ? How gestures vary different cultures ?	'What gestures can be acceptable in western countries ?'
In the writer 's opinion , stepfamilies love friendship extremely precious	'not all the stepfathers are as good as Leo'
The passage mainly talks about special fashion show	'how to make clothes'
Which of the following methods of eradicating weeds can work best ? Dense planting .	'Chemical weed killers .'
Who is the hero of The old Man and the Sea ? Santiago .	'Marlin .'
In what way can anger be beneficial to people ? By reducing stress .	'By reducing high blood pressure .'
According to Lisa , her parents may criticize trouble .	"""are eager to know what 's going on for her ."""
"The statement "" We do have our moments "" could best be replaced by ""   chances doctors find work rewarding satisfying"	"""we doctors are called at a moment 's notice to see people who need medical treatment"""
Why has the town meeting been widely imitated ? Because democratic .	'Because many people enjoy themselves at town meetings .'
What can we know about bookings of group study rooms in the library ? They available students .	'They are available to groups of any size .'
The text is most probably taken from newspaper report	'a flight guide'
Which sentence about green clothing companies is true ? Most use natural fabrics make clothes .	'They make clothes mostly for women .'
By writing this text , the writer hopes that people will never start smoking	'eat less and smoke more'
"Five minutes later , he     writes "" Rain , match """	"""does n't write down a word"""
When he found someone following him , Charlie hid cemetery	'stopped to ask the man why'
It the speech software were widely used , recording voice alone would taken proof court	'it would not be necessary to go for a speech by a famous person'
Who was going to eat the biggest apple ? Val .	'His mother .'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Your brain decides whether trust people milliseconds	'Can the amygdala reveal how people make automatic judgments ?'
What will you find on your plate at the festival ? Huhu grubs beetles .	'West Coast beer .'
Those people built roads and airports in order to carry away gold conveniently	'make people there live a better life'
What is the purpose of joining a mailing list ? To get lot help .	'To talk people into buying your product .'
What can we know about the Haydens ' daughter from the passage ? She ran away home half year ago .	'She had a quarrel with her parents .'
Which of the following can be used as the best title ? Be Well Prepared Outdoor Activities .	'Be Sure to Avoid Being Injured When Traveling .'
What does the passage tell us of Poland at the time ? It ruled Russia , Poles served Russian army .	'Polish officers in the Russian army had to return to Poland .'
Why is the happiness course compared with maths and languages ? It developed school subject .	'It is more important than traditional courses .'
The author used Helen Keller 's words to prove difficulties make man great	'prove that we should choose a hard life'
In South Korea , writing a person 's name in red is not accepted because means person dead	"""it shows that you 're not friendly"""
When the star begins to die huge explosion happen	"""it does n't give off light any longer"""
What rays can cause skin cancer according to the text ? UVA&UVB	'UVB'
"What information can we get from the passage ? You likely see "" Corna "" heavy metal music concert ."	"'The "" V Sign "" was first used by Winston Churchill .'"
What are British students interested in now ? Passing exams .	'Finding jobs .'
What will happen if you drive your car at the bottom of Magnetic Hill , Moncton , New Brunswick ? The car run unusual way .	"""The car wo n't work at all ."""
According to the passage , the first step helps the readers get theme chapter	'read the first several paragraphs'
When his father gets home in the evening , what does Jimmy do ? He sleeps bed .	'He hits his drum with his grandfather .'
According to Xu Yanchun , when you have lots of friends , it means ability get along others various situations	'you have the ability to earn more money'
You must be lucky enough to obtain a scholarship if you apply March 1 , 2014	'volunteer in your high school'
The government knows whether the gun is fired by the traveler or not by checking seal	'hunting the animals'
What 's the main reason Venice is sinking ? The soil built solid .	'Its underground water is being overused .'
How do many English people spend their holidays according to the passage ? Making homes beautiful .	'Making a lot of money .'
What do you know about Hemingway as a boy from the article ? He often went hunting fishing .	'He liked writing short stories .'
What may Celebi first do if his front door opens at a wrong time when he is away ? Observe video .	'Arm the security alarm .'
The lion and the polar bears are similar in letting mothers take care kids	'letting the mothers eat up the food'
When the author was in the seventh grade , he was in debt because bought clothes credit	'he did not work any more'
The reason why the airlines can not sell the bags is that likely make profit bags purpose	'they have to find the owners'
When the smuggler came again a week later , the soldier checked found nothing dirt	'left and became a waiter in a restaurant'
Which of the following is true according to the above passage ? Beethoven 's music teacher thought poorly .	"""Both Newton and Gates did n't do well at school ."""
What would be the best title for the passage ? Vertical farms future	'Vertical farms and green skyscrapers'
Why is Mrs. Black heavier ? Because eats much .	'Because she eats more meat and less vegetables .'
We can know from passage that the cooldictionary.com is website Internet	'a part of the Pronunciation Help'
The color red will be used at construction sites to warn people building dangerous	'tell different materials used in the building'
The neighbor ran out probably    because Both B C	'he knew his doorbell was being stolen'
With love in our heart , we will     hurt others good others	'realize our problems and find ways to solve them'
Why was Uichiro Niwa replaced ? He n't good job dealing dispute Diaoyu Islands .	'He is not iron    enough in handling the diplomatic rows between Japan and China .'
Which of the following classes suits those who want to be actors ? Summer Scenes	'Drama Days'
The writer found that it was just a dream saw mother	'when he was hurt by the alien'
Malala was shot for the reason that called girls go school	"""she did n't obey the school rules"""
Which of the following can be used as the best title of the passage ? How Use Brain	'How to Rest'
Which is probably   the BEST title for the passage ? Greeting Customs Different Cultures	'All Bad Ways to Greet People'
The industry of games for kids is fast growing probably because children mostly crazy games	"""kids do n't like to do their homework"""
A small party will be held evening	"""at Mr Brown 's house"""
Why was McCormick sentenced to prison ? He cheated business .	'He sold bombs .                ks5u'
Why are American parents exhausted today ? They bear heavy debt burden .	'They are tired with raising children .'
According to the passage , who was ( were ) absent - minded ? The author doctor .	'The doctor alone .'
What do we know about Julie from the passage ? She takes pride community .	"""She once stepped on a dog 's waste ."""
The author 's purpose in writing this passage is to tell people new technique finds earth - like planet moving round another star	'explain why this planet moves around a star like our sun'
What can you know about Miya 's host family from the passage ? They treated family member .	'They had a large network of cousins who all lived far away from each other .'
When faced with an incredible or fantastic claim , what shall we do according to the author ? Ask questions look proof .	'Ignore the information and its source .'
Judging by the result of the study many women were not interested in instant coffee because sense shame using instant coffee	'instant coffee was not suited to their taste'
What can we infer from the passage ? No one cared Yumi home dad work .	"""Makoto had just celebrated Girls ' Day with his daughter before he died ."""
It can be inferred from the passage that calling help give relevant details .	'you should forget about your own safety while giving first aid .'
Mountaineering is a sport , not a game because free climbers use methods .	'it has man - made rules'
After taking the course of International Studies , the students will know settle international problems	'have good jobs in any international organizations'
It can be inferred that David Tool and Radtke disagree Chinglish signs	'once argued face to face about Chinglish'
What do most young people use first when they have news to tell their friends ? Phones .	'Text message .'
In comparison   with men , women were less likely to catch right animal kill .	'spend much time on shopping .'
People like Malaysians prefer to associate with those know quite well	'who want to do business with them'
. A Tale of Two Cities is mainly about French Revolution	'Charles Dickens'
When the Cherokees began to leave their lands ,    .	'they marched on foot .'
The boy took the flower for girl	'the king'
James turned to the writer for help probably because he thought writer could help TV	'wanted the writer to ask JoJo for help'
"What does the author really mean by saying "" undersea tourism is making a big splash "" in Para2 ? Undersea tourism new fashion travelling ."	'Your clothes will be made wet by the water splash .'
What interests people more than anything else in the museum ? Its large library .	'The books of the museum .'
Why is it not surprising for some Chinese tourists to behave badly abroad ? China short history overseas travel .	"""They do n't get trained before traveling abroad ."""
"What is the effect of their not being given "" the letter "" ? They disappointed , encouraged work harder ."	'They gave up their dream while continued their inventions together .'
Which would be the best title for the passage ? Value Outdoor Play	'Ways of Playing Outdoors'
If you are friends , you 'll never feel excited meeting friend	'lie awake at night and think your friend'
Which of the following is the immediate cause of the sinking of the Bismarck ? Gunfire British warships .	'The British air strikes .'
According to the writer , an ideal friend refers to perfect man	'a friend without bad habits'
Which might NOT be shown in a DIY program on TV ? Scuba diving	'Home improvements .'
What is the subject of the news story ? Influence technology workplace .	'Different attitudes to old computers .'
The English are well known for forming orderly queue	'spending more time waiting in a queue'
During the hatching period , the male emperor penguin unable eat	"""ca n't stand the cold weather"""
According to the passage , a pump is used to    make something	'open or shut doors'
What do we know about Tayka Hotel de Sal ? Everything hotel made salt .	'You have to cross a rope bridge to the hotel .'
Why did the author 's gliding partners refuse to fly on that day ? The weather permit	'They preferred to fly alone'
The reason why they did n't report the accident to the insurer in time is that n't think serious enough report	"""they did n't think of the claim"""
Which of the following statements is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Jim Hawkins wrote Treasure Island .	"""Roald Dahi 's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a light - hearted book ."""
It seems that the writer of the story works small town	'at a bus service Center'
The big boy stopped Tom at the door because big boy 's job	"""Tom did n't buy tickets at all"""
Why ca n't the fish live in the pond ? Because ca n't live warm water .	'Because its mother lives in the river .'
What could be the best title of this passage ? Web Safety teens	"""Predators ' Tricks"""
What did the writer 's aunt do to help him out ?     She helped find reasons poor performance .	'She asked his teachers to talk with him about his problems .'
Which of following is NOT true according to the passage ? The author usually talked father low voice .	'The author thought of her father frequently .'
According to the passage , the study of Jacob Baker and John E.Thomas has questioned art historians	'found the answer to what contributed to the foggy air in London'
Oakley is interested in finding the waste because get tennis ball play	'he wants to study endangered animals'
The computer is in the study	'living room'
Which of the following can be put into the blank before(A13 ) ? Winter poems	'A book of poetry'
Why did n't Mr White agree to accept his wife as a teacher ? Because knew wife could good teacher .	'Because his wife only knew something about maths and physics .'
The political impact of Rosa Parks lies in the fact that she . made racial equality common value American society	'set a good example in her early life for other black Americans'
China agreeing to limit emissions now because    pressure countries	"""emissions harm people 's health"""
According to the passage , Paul Salopek is a journalist likes traveling , exploring , writing studying	'doctor who likes carrying the small first - aid kit'
Jane Armstrong n't like strong arms	'is a girl with strong arms'
What can we infer from the passage ? You benefit work experience .	'Candidates must be able to speak both English and Thai .'
What marks the coming of Industry 4.0 ? Intelligent networks .	'Mass production .'
"Why did Tom and his cousin answer "" no "" ? Because wanted chocolate ."	'Because they both wanted to get two gifts .'
What probably caused the writer to get interested in writing children 's book ? The instinct children .	'Writing can be a way to earn his living .'
The following statements are true EXCEPT that longer live , number words mean something us increases	'words can be used to represent various meanings'
Danger - junkie orangutans shook the tree to enjoy	'frighten other animals'
The writer 's mother called him into her room to remind origin	'ask him to look for his great - grandmother'
People sometimes wake up during a light sleep because bodies preparing sleep .	'they are too tired to fall asleep .'
This story is about need take good advice	'a foolish man'
What can we learn from this story ? It 's necessary live difficulties .	'Man can never go against nature .'
The kids can get more money when they walk family dog	'feed the family dog'
What 's the author 's attitude towards the Internet Economy ? The author n't think online shopping satisfactory every way .	'The author thinks online shopping saves time and is a convenient way to buy products .'
What can pregnant women do avoid air pollution much possible	'they should be in extremely polluted cities during pregnancy'
The main point of the passage is present questions ca n't yet answer	'to inform people of the knowledge about the universe and nature'
The author uses power walking as an example mainly because uses fewer recourses .	'it is an outdoor sport .'
According to the author , the value of the movie is that central theme become known public	'it has made the two children famous'
According to the passage , America is a country welcomes people world	'where citizens take more pride in their original culture'
We can learn from the passage that author enjoys teaching English	'the author majored in English at university'
Which of the following is the title of the passage ? How cope difficult people	'Who are difficult people ?'
According to school directors , what is a possible disadvantage for pupils ? They may small arrival	'Poor children may not be included'
What can be the best title for the passage ? Mark Between Lines	'How to Understand Author'
What does the restoration of the Classic Coke best prove ? Products must designed suit taste consumer .	'Consumers with conservative tastes are often difficult to please .'
Amba was white yellow bull	'a big and beautiful snake'
Which of the following about college life is true ? Passing 've learned college help enrich learning experience .	'You can make full use of the opportunity whenever you want .'
Anyone who goes to the Euro Space Center will feel space	'do any space experiments he wants'
According to Fries and Crapo , sound health choices should be based on statistical evidence	'personal decisions'
What is the best title of this passage ? Changing Names	"""Women 's Names"""
According to the passage , what is not helpful for you to enjoy learning English ? To worry taking risks .	'To communicate in English .'
What is special about the middle part of the novel ? One part narrated form letter .	'It is the most difficult part in the novel .'
The prices for car hire are especially low when booked least three days	'it is booked two weeks in advance'
The letter was written to the editor in order to ask for support public opinion	'the plastic bottles from the readers'
If a man lacks selfcontrol , he lacks all of the following EXCEPT strong feelings	'the patience and power to control himself'
The man wants to find the piece of chocolate because     one teeth chocolate	'the piece of chocolate is very expensive'
Sherlock Holmes was character made Arthur Conan Dolye	'Arthur Conan Doyle'
Which of the following is TRUE about Florida ? Its population increasing recent years .	'There are 89 million people in Florida at present .'
The purpose of the passage is to teach us build solid friendship	'explain why people need close friends'
What is one major difference between Annie 's new job and her old one ? It involves decision - making .	'It included team work .'
Ocean Park Corporation took all of the measures to overcome the deficits except close attractions	'raise ticket price'
Alan ca n't find school ID card	'his ID card'
The example of Nelson Mandela is mentioned to show great people set good example forgiveness	'he was one of the greatest leaders'
The similarity between Love and Song of Solomon is that they both concern families one generation	'deal with life of blacks under slavery'
What is probably the best title for this passage ? The Body - Brain Link	'The Causes of Stress'
The first book was written by Both kids Grown - ups	'Kids'
"What is the "" traditional "" role of a father ? Working outside"	'Looking after the baby'
What impressed the author when she first moved into the house ? The green grass .	'The tree house .'
What the author wants to tell us is that security impossible long people guns	'preventing robbers entering your house is the best choice'
It can be learned from the passage that Miss Bee taught girl many lessons n't understand	'knew her job was to help every child she met'
Football is popular to many people probably because creative also interesting	'it is so easy a sport to play'
Which of the following is the main advantage of hand - washing ? It cheapest way controlling disease .	'people can always get their hands clean .'
What does the passage mainly talk about ? What life like year 2050 .	'How people will travel and spend their holidays in the year 2050 .'
The main idea of the passage is that . natural world violent attack man	'governments and industries should be responsible for the destruction of the natural world'
It can be inferred from the passage that colorblindness necessarily inborn disease	'makes people unable to tell any colors'
What is one piece of the author 's advice on breakfast ? You eat local restaurant .	'You had better eat at Disneyland .'
The best tile of this passage is    Saving Food	'Throwing Away Leftovers'
We can learn from the text that    author 's mum enjoyed good health 83 .	"""the author 's office was not far from her home ."""
In the game , the character can All aboves .	'turn left and turn right'
The comparison between Nora and her mother 's reading habits calls attention deep reading	'explains what deep reading is'
How did the blind man recognize the publicist ? By footsteps .	'By his sign .'
"Near the end of the passage , "" something very special "" refers to ability shaping one 's future"	'our own starfish'
What can we learn from the passage ? Purely material things make us truly wealthy .	'Treasure only belongs to those who possess it .'
Those who participate in Project Budburst are mostly common people	'high school students'
"The following are the advantages of "" restaurants with "" EXCEPT that eating comfortable"	'customers can see the pictures of their ordered foods'
What is the common theme of the four camps ? Language culture .	'Art and music .'
"According to the book The BFG , "" the witching hour "" may refer to a time magic things happen"	'when a child can be taken away'
"The girl thought "" a homeless person "" was a person who could n't find home"	'had no home to go to'
The survey is about fast food	'Chinese food'
"What does Stacie Dunn think is "" ridiculous "" ? Showing collarbones considered huge mistake ."	'Being called in to school .'
After reading the passage , you will be better at dealing car sellers	'choosing a car'
By writing the passage , the writer mainly wants to show importance reading stories	'show how to make children interested in books'
According to the passage , in which situation do we make mistakes about time ? We many problems left test paper , time .	"""We have trouble telling what time it is after a 20 minutes ' nap ."""
.Why does MiMi look cool today?Because    birthday .	'his animal friends come .'
The neighbors did all of the following EXCEPT offer drive around	'help them unload'
CIF in the passage probably refers to company providing advice products cleaning	'a company providing cleaning services'
The writer of the passage thinks that the reader Knows three men successful men	"""Knows that Fred Astaire was an actor famous for performing Shakespeare 's plays"""
By describing what he found in Kendrick 's waiting room , Henry intended to tell Clare that stop waiting free live	'he hoped she would wait for him forever'
What did the Edinburgh Festival never have before ? Late evening classical music concerts .	'Poetry and music presentations .'
( Originally created ) Why does the author use a question at the beginning of this passage ? To draw readers ' interest reading passage .	"""The author does n't has a knowledge of colour ."""
What can we learn about Helen Thomas from the passage ? Her career took covering Kennedys .	'She decided to be a reporter while in college .'
Wang Zhaolin thinks if you want to get better score in PE , you have to practice really hard	'get hurt a week before the exam'
Quite a number of people want to do dangerous acts in films because earn much money	"""they do n't think them dangerous"""
What 's the main benefit of a vacation ? The worker come back new energy .	'The worker can adapt to pressure much better .'
What is the best title for this passage ? Tips keeping safe overseas	'How to get insurance abroad'
When you do n't agree with others , you should B C	"""write a letter and explain when he or she does n't want to say"""
Why were the police called ? Because Mr. Barton 's friends fought .	'Because Mr. Barton broke two windows .'
What might be the best title of the passage ? Being enough enough	'How to be perfect'
It was difficult to drive in Bangkok in the past because signs written language	'the quality of the roads was not good'
What would be the best title for the text ? Whales Making Human - like Sounds	'Human Voice and Whale Sound'
According to this passage , we can know that Wikipedia used free	'is written by experts'
Why did the writer take several pairs of shoes to the shoemaker when she moved to the town ? The passage n't tell .	"""Because she did n't want to buy new shoes ."""
According to the text , the Great Paper Airplane Project Fly - Off competition     entered kids	'is to choose the largest plane'
"In this passage , the word "" gravity "" means force attracts objects towards centre earth"	'the force which attracts the earth towards the sun .'
The author wrote this letter in order to complain environment	'make his / her suggestions on managing toxic waste'
Why does the author say that panopticon is already here ? Because actions observed recorded many cases .	'Because we are all prisoners m our own homes .'
What do the three children do together ? Play basketball	'Play video games'
Why do people prefer to visit Leavenworth ? They like special food .	'They enjoy the quiet environment .'
You can learn to swim by going river learning	'looking at others swimming'
The writer thinks the students should kinds sports studying	'spend the free time on the studies and give up the sports .'
Natural Burn was adopted because some forest fires were good balance nature	'approved by National Park Service'
The text is designed for     managers	'customers'
We know from the passage that Mary Cassette painted things saw everyday life	'learned from a lot of famous artists in the US'
Where will most probably a triangle space be formed ? Next desk .	'Next to collapsed roofs .'
After we buy the fruit and vegetables , salad , French fries ice cream	'we want to buy some new clothes'
Why would n't the author trade a dance with her son even if she was given the world ? Because thought happiest one moment .	"""Because she knew she would n't be given the universe ."""
The best title of the passage can be The Tomato Festival Spain .	'Rules of the Tomato Festival'
The article is mainly about_in Venice conflict ads cultural heritage	'restoration of cultural heritage'
The author writes this text mainly to report coming event	'introduce a few U.S. museums'
This passage is mainly about how to give first aid drowning people	'do mouth - to - mouth breathing'
What does Shawn 's business do ? Teach people trade foreign currencies .	'Help people to found their own business .'
Which of the following sports can be the most risky ? Sky diving .	'Mountain biking .'
Before the man had the accident , he toured around world	'had been friends with the prison minister'
We can learn from the passage that clingy people    n't want alone	'have little free time'
Pollution in water is noticed many fish birds die	'when poisons are poured into water'
Which is said about The Flying Hat ? A movie story coming .	'The story is about a boy with a magic book .'
Why did the rich man put a large stone on the road ? To find right person receive help .	'To find out the strongest man in his town .'
It 's a picture of    classroom	'desks and chairs'
The sea waves hit coastlines in All	'Sri Lanka'
The writer of the text mainly wants to tell readers   . information Cyprus	'the political situations in Cyprus'
The writer 's purpose to go to Nepal last year was to work hospital	'find wildlife in the forest'
Why did the author give his money to the boy ? Because learnt help others since childhood .	'Because he had been asked by the news agency to do so .'
The writer could use his old basic phone to play one game	'watch the people around him'
According to the passage , the school library can help teachers learn students ' interests	'write more stories'
The three Japanese tourists got stuck because GPS given wrong information	'their car was made in Korea instead of Japan'
Which of the following ways may NOT be useful for recalling dreams ? Drinking cup hot milk .	'Not getting out of bed immediately .'
What 's the main idea of the passage ? It 's No Housework Day .	"""It 's about the daily housework ."""
According to the article , Jamie Oliver launched a campaign at schools to improve children 's diet school	'make the public keep an eye on school food'
The passage mainly talks about basketball match	'a basketball team'
The writer opened the bag because he wanted to find whose bag	"""find the owne r 's photo"""
"Why did Rowling like to write the "" Harry Potter stories "" in the cafes ? Because thought writing cafes could    help save money ."	'Because she was a romantic woman and the atmosphere    in the cafes gave her lots of inspiration .'
Fewer people would have died if attack happened weekend	"""people had n't used the lifts"""
Why did the woman laugh when she looked into the lane ? She felt bitter chance escape .	'She was excited because she thought it may be a way to escape .'
What are the main reasons for kids ' living with one parent ? Separation divorce .	'Working parents .'
The three tortoises knew	"""did n't know each other"""
You can feel the history of the local place at    Skagway	'Haines'
The passage mainly describes Verne 's accurate prediction future	'the 1969 Apollo II moon mission'
We can learn from the passage that Jessica     loves eating Joubert 's kitchen	"""came to Joubert 's home when she was 5 months old"""
What does Fuse Fitness think is the biggest challenge for a receptionist ? Keeping cheerful even difficult situations .	'Working five days a week including weekends .'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage concerning the expedition ? Lack equipment .	'The death of Magellan .'
According to the passage , why are people more likely to tell the truth through certain media of communication ? They afraid leaving behind traces lies	'They are most practised at those forms of communication'
The Verichip is tiny microchip	'a radio reader'
Where do the dogs sleep ? In homes .	'In the school .'
After Mike scored , the author help his breath , because son might get angry Mike	'the score was out of his expectation'
Why was the author unhappy to roll down the window ? She n't know woman would .	"""She did n't expect to be disturbed by strangers ."""
Dr. Molly Babel mentions Marilyn Monroe in order to explain new findings	'evaluate a creaky voice'
It can be inferred from the text that these guerrilla gardeners become organized	'are still not accepted by the local government'
What is the main reason why South Korean TV series are popular ? The stories morals pure moving .	'The series are slow and long .'
The Internet can make our lives enjoyable interesting	'different kinds of activities'
Many women take it for granted , according to the passage that vitamins kind substitutions food	'lack of variety in diets leads to staying thin'
According to passage , Daniel is probably kind feeder	'a wise horse'
According to the passage , chimpanzees fail learn language humans	"""are not related to the Campbell 's monkeys"""
Which of the following might be the best title for the passage ? A quick Way Home ? By An Ambulance	'A Safe way Home ? Non - Stop'
"What do students do in""City - as - School""most of the time ? They help work certain area ."	'They learn all the college courses .'
Wal - Mart 's low price policy results in jobless American workers	'more high - paying jobs'
What do most people do on the eve of the Spring Festival ? Family members gather big meal .	'They borrow money from friends .'
Japanese people often treat their guests in restaurants because homes ca n't hold many people	'dishes in restaurants are delicious'
From a cut tree we can know that rings thinner south side thicker north side	'the rings will be thinner on the south'
Which of the following is NOT TRUE if you want to get out of the habit of sleeping during the evening ? Do physical labor .	'Stay with friends after dinner .'
What can be inferred from the passage ? Mr. Salinger keen writing .	'The New Yorker is one of his earlier novels .'
Who is the writer of the latest book published among the four books ? Arthur Conan Doyle	'Art Spiegelman'
In the text , the author mainly tells his experience of earning pay raise	'refusing a job offer'
We should believe that sometimes patient help way .	'doctors can heal all patients'
When we talk about the history of Los Angeles , we know that became city 18th century	'it became one city in 1872'
If you are one who eat enough but still stay slim , you may refuse take ice - cream good meal	'Eat far less food than anyone else'
From the survey by UWE , we can know 80 % of men satisfied body image	'want to have a muscle - enforcing shirt'
What should we do to share some data with a friend through Wi - Fi networking ? Set network .	'Have a wireless router .'
Whose photo is this ? Bill 's	"""Miss Zhang 's"""
Paul wrote down the story to remember grandfather	'find the blanket'
In America , if you are more than 10 minutes late to an appointment , necessary make apology	"""you need n't call ahead to let others know you will be late ."""
When evaluating homeopathic treatments , the Australian council was most concerned about objectivity reliability evaluation	'the criteria of an effective treatment'
What can be the best title for the text ? How Do Mosquitoes Choose Bite You ?	'How Do Mosquitoes Survive ?'
Visitors flood to Hurghada mainly because it can offer them choices water activities	'a brief history of Egypt'
When you could n't afford a luxury hotel in the past , stay low - grade hotel	'you could pay $ 400 for a basic room'
Joseph plans to have an eco - friendly travel . Which of the site is suitable to him ? The Cabin	'Guilden Gate Glamping'
Atlantis was destroyed by    gods .	'its people .'
American newspapers earn most money from advertising products	'selling newspapers'
The passage is mainly written to call people protect oceans humans	'introduce the present situation of the polar areas'
What is the main purpose for writing the passage ? To introduce new way making electricity	'To show a new rebuilding plan for a big farm'
What does the author think of the ice cubes created by Glace Luxury Ice Company ? They expensive consumers	'They are just regular ice cubes .'
"The best title for this passage would be ""   Keep Up Latest Weblish"	"""Do n't Forget English"""
What is the international reaction to China 's veto on the Syria issue ? The U.S. feels unhappy .	'Russia supports China'
For what purpose does the author like to read factual books ? Because supply inspirations life .	'Because they help people save a lot of money .'
Alfred Nobel believed invention could stop wars world	'the Nobel Prizes could be world - famous'
Mitch Wilson prefers to build his personal compu- ter by shopping on line because quality Dell satisfying	'he can not get the price at traditional businessman'
The writer of the passage thinks that those who are not mentally fit ca n't control life	'live a poor and mysterious life'
The text mainly talks about protection gorillas	'the gorillas in Rwanda'
What is the strange thing regarding fashion models in Japan , according to the passage ? They like toothache pose photographed .	'They are competing to appear on fashion magazine front covers .'
People love to watch magic because love watching magicians make something impossible happen	"""they ca n't figure out the secret of magic"""
What app costs you most according to the text ? Where Chefs Eat	"""Max MeCalman 's Cheese & Wine Pairing ."""
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? He hates telephone modern means communication .	'One of his friends says that being a doctor helps one gain all sorts of experience .'
He opens the garage and finds full snow	'takes the snow out'
If there had not been the snow - covered ledge , would lost lives	'they would fall into the deep snow'
What does Molly want to do ? Improve grades .	'Concentrate on one subject at a time .'
What do we know about the newly discovered gases ? The CFCs long impact released .	'They gather together in the atmosphere at a medium speed .'
Shop owners often hire moonlighting police as parking attendants so that shoppers wo n't trouble parking cars	'can stay longer browsing in the store'
The writer thinks that the assistant in a good bookshop should say word customers read	'help the readers to find what they want to read'
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? It 's All Been Done Before	"""What 's Record Breakers ' Life Like"""
According to the passage , taking breaks good us	"""obeying few rules does n't matter"""
According to the author , what is the role of science fiction in society ? A consideration possibilities .	'A record of science development .'
We can infer from the passage that continually rising house prices will affect sound development Chinese society	'benefit the government'
What can we know from the passage ? The author 's favorite place change .	"""The author 's father will never go home ."""
According to the author , how should you treat yourself ? Treat like person care love .	"""Treat yourself like a fool who ca n't achieve anything ."""
For whom is the text most probably written ? Poor parents deaf children .	'Teachers who have deaf children in their class .'
People like to choose cruises     . new attempt	'because it is well fit for the people in love'
In the passage , the writer seems to tell us forgetting things times natural	"'the ways to protect yourself from memory "" tricks ""'"
When choosing her high school , Mrs. Obama willing meet challenges	'failed to find an ideal school'
Mrs Turner was surprised because the tired man said something nothing answer .	'wanted the cinema but called a wrong number .'
What 's the best title for this passage ? No Life Exists Earth	'Perfect Conditions for Life'
What did John and Mary lose ? Some baseballs .	'A pencil box .'
Which is the best title ? Du Kun Youngest Writer	'How to Write a Fairy Tales'
Why was Echo unable to let Narcissus know she loved him ? Because Hera taken away ability speak first .	'Because Narcissus took no notice of her .'
Why does the writer    do online shopping ? Because price things high shops .	'Because it is easy to buy things online .'
According to the passage , the writer wants to tell us    live life full love one 's life	'to avoid being a selfish person'
The example of the 100-year - old woman is used to introduce benefits reading books	'inform us of a woman who loved reading'
Ebola causes the death of a human being by damaging immune cells	'regulating his immune system'
For students going to London for the first time , which of the following provides the most reliable information ? University accommodation offices .	'Loot and Renting'
Fitzgerald 's will showed invaluable    love son	'his sadness at the death of his son'
The Teenagers ' biological clock easily makes teenagers lead insomnia	'provides them with plenty of time at night'
What 's the best title of the passage ? Different school rules	'Different school uniforms'
The Oneworld Explorer program is said to be most suitable for those who travel around world business	'need support all along the way'
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Why writer likes good books .	'What the writer learns from a good book .'
"Where can you find the full post of the "" Cryo S "" ? Trends Updates ."	'Super Cool Pets .'
What made Gates ' wife also a philanthropist according to the passage ? She impressed poverty people Zaire .	'She read that millions of children die every year from preventable diseases .'
How will unclean places make people feel ? Angry ill .	'Happy and healthy .'
Mr. Young was in school for a short time because poor go studying	"""he did n't like studying at all"""
According to the passage , European children usually considered lazy	'are more diligent than American children'
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Accept without reading ?	'Say no to social media ?'
We may learn from the text that Nick      . kind - hearted considerate	'shows special concern to Miley Cyrus'
The guidepost is for drivers	'Peter'
When Zach walked the last mile of his long journey , many people walked	'many homeless kids thanked him'
The best title of the passage may be Oprah Winfrey	"""Oprah Winfrey 's TV show"""
Which of the following is the result of the volcanic eruption ? It becomes dangerous animals eat outside .	'People stop traveling in Europe .'
According to the passage all of the following statements are true EXCEPT Arable land covers 90 % country 's total area	'Britain ruled the island longer than French and Dutch'
What is the most probable reason for some rich people to use a device to record their patterns ? They want get sufficient sleep .	'They are involved in a sleep research .'
The better educated people adapted easily foreign customs habits	'tend to compare two kinds of habits and customs'
On the first day , the students should take language test	'introduce themselves to the class'
"The best title for the passage may be ""   Cloud Seeding"	'Cloud Gathering'
Columbus succeeded in finding out that    There land side Atlantic	'it was possible sail to India by crossing the Atlantic'
According to the passage , the election results suggested Obama promised devote economic development	'how much money was spent during the presidential campaign'
"The underline phrase "" a blanket ban "" probably means ""    complete ban"	'a ban on short and tight clothes'
According to the author , what may chiefly be responsible for the moral decline of Japanese society ? The life - style influenced Western values .	'More workers are dissatisfied with their jobs .'
To begin with , her kids were n't allowed to Above	"'"" hang out "" with other kids after school .'"
Loneliness is divided according to time lasts	'different people it happen to'
What is not mentioned in the passage ? hobby	'a true friend'
Why did Spring sell his false autographs in England and Canada ? There less chance detected .	"""Britain was Spring 's birthplace ."""
Knowing that the wagon had broken down , the author afraid could n't overcome difficulty	'stopped the car in front of a simple service station'
From what Trice said , we can know that greatly impressed encouraged Mandela 's speech	"""he thought little of Mandela 's speech"""
According to the text , which of the following is NOT a benefit of being sociable people ? Losing weight easily .	'Taking better care of themselves .'
People thought Merlin was a dreamer because he full strange ideas .	'dreamed day and night'
Mandela was sent to prison for 27 years because he organized many activities apartheid	'encouraged black people to forgive whites'
The show tells people A , B C	'how to make use of old things'
Not all the kids are lucky because some of them fell got hurt	'are not allowed   to wear them'
The chief wants the villagers to collect wood	'call the weatherman'
The passage has been written to tell readers mysterious airplane disappearances Aviation History	'introduce the loss of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370'
". Which of the following best describes "" ant tribe "" ? It refers group low - income graduates living embarrassing conditions ."	'It refers to the people who work hard like ants but are paid little .'
On Thanksgiving Day Jim ca n't     get lots presents	'play the Thanksgiving music'
What did the writer do when one of the kids noticed him eavesdropping ? He took old receipt , ripped four pieces , wrote different word piece .	'He scooted over sat down on the sand next to their beach blanket .'
The story is talking about jeans	'young people'
For whom was the original Buckingham Palace built ? The Duke Buckingham 's wife .	'The Duke of Buckingham .'
What do the four movies have in common ? They inspiring stories make difference .	'The main characters all won Academy Award for Best Actor .'
What attitude should we take towards a misfortune in the author 's opinion ? Facing bravely positive mind .	'Ignoring it and living a normal life .'
What 's the main reason why the author wanted to be a model ? She wanted get reputation wealth .	'She was urged by some modeling agencies .'
The author wrote the passage to make people realize need protect environment	'explain what measures people have taken to control sandstorms'
How does Aunt Ma know about the bed ? From ad newspaper .	'From an ad on TV .'
The future smart phones can do all of the following except offering advice owners ' friends relatives	'telling the phone holders or carriers where they are'
The teacher is helping us to     put desks chairs order	'clean the window'
When I do my homework , she sits desk	'sits on the sofa'
The passage tells us the facts about A Brief History of Time EXCEPT that included Hawking 's five life lessons become genius	'it spent 147 weeks on the New York Times Best Seller List'
This passage may not be from Book science .	'Homepage of Amsterdam .'
What happened to the author after he had used his password to change his life ? He finally overcame depression forgave ex - wife .	'He became furious about his passwords getting longer and longer .'
After the new railroad was completed Tibetans business Tibet develop tourism	'more and more people could fly to Tibet as soon as possible'
Which of the following is NOT the reason why some kids have an early start of drinking ? Drinking alcohol much cooler taking drugs .	'They want to show their maturity    by drinking alcohol .'
Some stars appear in the ads because famous	'they know every product well'
Playing the vocabulary game at Freerice enables you to do the following EXCEPT admitted top university	'help the needy people in the world'
According to the passage , people who think happiness lies in imagination will try to achieve happiness by    looking towards fewer possessions	'looking towards people having more wealth'
After Austin realized he lost his way , he decided sleep wild	'tried to find a safe place'
"Which of the following is true of the word""belittle "" ? It gradually accepted people ."	'It was invented by the Count de Buffon .'
According to the author , giving pocket money to children makes learn independent	'is an excellent way to encourage them to study hard'
The culture of pub in Britain is developed to encourage people communicate	'attract more tourists to the pubs'
What can we learn from Mr. Li 's words ? Their customers usually wealthy families .	'The number of plastic surgeons is increasing .'
If students follow the doctor 's suggesting , they may feel backpacks lighter	'will know how to use backpacks'
The links in Wikipedia to other resources are mainly to help users better informed	'provide details of the same articles'
.The following aspects of the training help increase intelligence EXCEPT using previous experience	'managing two tasks at the same time'
In the USA almost half of the college students work while studying . This is because n't want depend parents	"""their parents do n't live in that state"""
To enter the competition , photos must taken non - professional participants	'have won some prize or award'
If they report needle stick injuries , medical students will receive tests	'be forbidden to use sharp needles'
Which of the following is NOT true about the Arapahoe teen rescue patrol ? They think save lives growing .	'They turn to adults for help sometimes .'
The author went to the hospital with her friend accompany Lesa	'to look after Lemon - Aide'
How does Simon go to school ? By bus .	'His father takes him to school every day .'
If Nelson Mandela had n't fought against racial discrimination , he could still lived happy life	'could easily have been the president of South Africa'
What conclusion    can you draw from the story ? Money important things US .	'There are more bad sides in America than good sides .'
Mike McClure did n't turn back by his earlier course because wanted choose short course	'he knew where the water was deep'
Which of the following is TRUE about the US students returning from studying overseas ? They may still miss country studied .	"""They do n't talk much about their overseas experience ."""
How are the libraries struggling to stay important ? By preparing future electronic reading devices may used .	"""In ways that people ca n't understand even a few years ago ."""
What 's the writer 's attitude towards genetically modified foods ? We give people information decide whether buy	'We should encourage people to eat them because they are more nutritional .'
When a big stone trapped his right arm , cut part arm survive	'he went on climbing the canyon'
Why did the master buy a lot of chilies ? The price chilies low .	'He spent a lot of money on chilies .'
Why did James say his brother was insensitive ? Because told news directly .	'Because his mother was on the roof .'
"It would be difficult for British people to look for a cigarette in America because Americans n't know "" fag "" means "" cigarette ?"	"""American people do n't like giving others cigarette"""
Martha refused to read her report in front of the class because afraid laughed	'she knew her report was not good'
The most important reason why bargaining is popular in modern day America is that plenty choices products sellers	'the economic times have got more difficult'
What can we learn from the story ? Each one strong points .	'A friend in need is a friend indeed .'
Why was the other lady crying when the author was there ? Because missed daughter much .	"""Because she was jealous of the authors ' great grandma ."""
Which of the following students is most likely to be able to attend the GYC ? A student receives confirmation notice .	'A student who sends the application on Nov. 17 .'
Which of the following is NOT included in a syllabus ? Homework .	'The textbook .'
Why should n't you watch TV while eating ? Because need rest eyes .	"""Because you ca n't take in enough nutrients in this way ."""
According to some experts , what is better than giving out money ? Cutting price energy use daily life .	'Increasing the government income .'
The passage is mainly about    David Salinger 's early life	"""David Salinger 's education background"""
What does the author think of adding make - up to our face ? It 's hard achieve wish .	'It makes perfect images .'
Which of the following is NOT RIGHT ? The restaurant Renmin Road .	"""There 's a big supermarket across from Haitian Restaurant ."""
Why does Alice Green write this letter ? Because wants make pen pal China .	'Because she likes reading Chinese books .'
Which of the following can be learned about Then Again ? It thought highly .	'It tells the life story of actress Diane Keaton .'
Test anxiety has been recognized as real problem	'the result of poor study habits'
It can be inferred from the passage that wedding held Westminster Abbey April 29th .	'Kate Reardon was invited to the wedding .'
In an advertisement , a cartoon lion is used for     promotion product	'the fantasy of a lion'
In most cases , the conflicts between parents and their children n't really mean deep emotional problem	'is an important choice'
Which is not mentioned about the harm of fog and haze ? Many people dead	'Many people have to stay indoor'
According to the passage , we can infer that     writer addicted WOW	'WOW helps you improve your life'
What greatly affected Charles Dickens when he was young ? His leaving school work .	"""His family 's frequent move ."""
We can learn from the text that the author 's father happy help trouble	'sent that family to Birmingham'
What does the author think about reading ? It important part lives .	'It is not as important as television .'
The major business of a lawyer is advise people law problems	'to study the law'
One can conclude from the passage that the blues served form communication self - expression .	'there were only greatest blues man performed in these clubs .'
French scientists did their research on Russian astronauts , because Russian astronauts worked space long time	'they only cared for the Russian astronauts'
The author 's purpose in writing the passage is to express views homeschooling	'share his ways of teaching his children'
The last sentence of the passage implies that critic finds character book real	'Stacy Schiff tells a story about an imaginary Egyptian queen'
Why did the Merlin Entertainments build the 4D film cinema ? Because wanted increase value London Eye .	'Because it wanted to attract more visitors to London .'
The neighbor hit the thief to punish    stealing	'help him with the bell'
After signing a franchise agreement , a franchisee will maintain company 's standards	'pay for the advertisement'
Why do people prefer shopping online according to the author ? It comfortable convenient .	'It gives them more time to think about their purchase .'
Why did Cameron dive to the deepest place on Earth ? To open new frontier .	'To study ocean creatures in the deepest valley .'
Bears and lions can keep safe because color1s much like trees	'they like brown and gray color1s'
We can infer from the passage that astronauts must pay attention crumbs space	'always wear diapers in space'
Which of the following can best describe the main idea of the passage ? The expectations partners financial pressure may prevent relationship .	'People should spend more money on marriage today .'
Dunia was afraid of her caretakers at first because humans cruel family	'she was a shy baby gorilla'
Why did the father tried to cheer his daughter up ? Because sad .	'Because she was crying .'
After viewing rock art , tourists will go to Nature Power House Museum	'rock art sites outside the town'
Thomas Brodie - Sangster reached maturity early probably because of starting acting early ten	'his acting in a tiny unknown TV film'
For what purpose did Livemocha create the website ? To offer new ways language learning .	'To tell his inspiring story to more people .'
What is the main reason for the South China tiger becoming one of the world 's top ten most endangered species ? Because uncontrolled hunting destroyed natural living conditions .	'Because it has lost its natural instincts .'
If a carsharing renter should have an accident in California , the car 's owner suffer consequence	'must pay the insurance for the renter'
What is the key point of the advice from Jonny 's father ? Learn control oneself keep using motto life .	'Count to five before crying .'
What is Robert 's hobby ? Watching TV .	'Talking with his parents .'
Who did the old man give the big orange to ? The king ,	'A rich man .'
What is Bolt ? He dog star .	'He likes watching TV .'
"What did Alice Walker mean when she says Langston Hughes "" is not dead at all "" ? Langston Hughes still present thoughts ."	"""She had n't been told of Langston Hughes ' death ."""
Jason Haffizulla stabbed his physics teacher because got worse mark usual	'he was not smart enough at studies'
With the passage , the writer wants to tell us never lose heart .	'the seed should be praised   for his strength'
If you go to England , you may find may eat well without paying much	'workers usually have their holidays in spring'
What is the topic of the text ? Islands around world .	'Islands in the South Pacific .'
On the way home , Wang Bing wants to learn skating	'eat an ice - cream'
What 's true about the party ? It last four five hours .	"""All of Jenny 's friends will come ."""
The living - room is not a good place for study because it is too noisy	'good'
What did the writer mainly learn from her class project ? She judge people understanding better .	'She should look after homeless babies .'
From these stories we understand that waterproof bag proof worms insects .	'we can not trust banks .'
The farmer did n't lift the bag onto the horse by himself because bag heavy	'the farmer was ill'
Why did the farms want their cows to increase milk ? Because made money selling milk .	'Because their cows can be happy .'
What 's the best title of the passage ? How rich ?	'How poor are we ?'
Different from the less - controlled ones , the highly self - controlled people stay away negative emotions	'often create conflicting goals'
What 's the purpose of the article ? To tell readers begins online shopping .	'To do business on the Internet .'
Jim was sad because nobody would like listen	"""the spells did n't work"""
The Worried Grandfather sees much world careful	'is a good driver and often gives free rides to strangers'
Which can be the best heading of Part 3 ? More English school	'Free services in STCL'
Bears and lions can keep safe because they colors much like trees	'like brown and grey colors'
Susan Boyle had a look of satisfaction on her face when she was singing because confident singing	'she sang the song I Dreamed a Dream from Les Miserables'
The G700Tactical Flashlight helps you   . protect crime	'blind and attack bad guys'
It is important to know ways escape fire	'put out the fire in the burning house'
What does the story want to tell us ? If show life smile , life smile back .	'Mirrors can tell whether   you are happy or not .'
We can have more choices to get a good deal Internet	'in specialty stores'
The story is mainly about man thought better really	'what to do when you met a handsome boy'
If some American airlines adopt the ticket policy possibly lose lot customers	'the problem of overweight planes will be partly solved'
Mr. Parker was respected because cared soldiers	'he paid attention to the soldiers letters'
Which of the following is the most suitable title for this passage ? Fighting fish	"""Fish 's enemy"""
The author writes this passage to tell us avoid Time Management mistakes	'explain the importance of working hard'
This passage is primarily concerned with potential effect air pollution	'the greenhouse effect in the world'
According to the passage , which of the following is necessary before the moving ? Pay friends enough money .	'Buy lots of magazines on moving .'
Why did he decide to buy the ambulance ? knew traffic would get clear way ambulance .	'because he liked the siren and the flashing light'
How often does Zhao Hui eat junk food ? Once twice week .	'Every day .'
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Too much homework keeps students poor health .	'How long students spend on their homework'
In the opinion of the author of this passage , a good writer should be one uses way describing makes reader wish know happen next	'one who describes events and characters in different ways'
What can we infer from Zhang Dayi 's words ? Being friendly way attracting fans .	'Being a internet celebrity is not easy .'
Why was Chaplin often seen waiting outside London theatre ? Because needed job show business .	'Because he hoped to sing and dance in theatre .'
""" What 's done can not be undone''at the end of the passage can be best explained as "" Spilt water ca n't gathered"	'The early bird catches the worm'
Why did the writer leave her first job ? She decided keep studying .	'She found a part - time job .'
What work does a laundry valet do ? He collects delivers bags laundry .	'He operates the machines in the laundry room .'
Which of the following will be the consequence of coral extinction in the passage ? About one third marine species ca n't survive .	'Man can benefit more from corals .'
It was an emotional day for Fiaui , because became Canadian	'he became a member of the local rugby team Black Spruce'
The purpose of the program Read ! Play ! is to encourage kids learn playing	'teach kids how to read effectively'
When you are speaking , n't matter make mistakes	"""you should n't make any mistakes"""
What can we know about the website Bing.com / travel from the passage ? Its predictions air tickets vary week	'Its predictions help customers save over $ 50 for a single trip'
What is the implication of the story of Stephens , a financial planner in Brooklyn ? Teaching somebody careful management money early age important .	'To be strict with children is helpful in furthering their career prospects .'
The writer is a vegetarian , so people doubt very much whether gets enough proteins	'whether he allows his children to eat meat'
In ancient Egypt , most people wore white clothes because weather hot	'they were ordered to wear like that'
We can infer from the passage that new technologies replace old ones sooner later	'traditional newspapers will stay for another century'
A pupil who prefers not to spend any money can go for story time	'the school choir'
What would be the best title for this text ? Living longer	'No limit for human life'
What did Annabelle learn from Charlotte ? Real heroes n't mind famous .	'A hero has a better place in the world .'
The elephant made so much trouble because got control	'it was a wild elephant'
What can we learn from the story ? Follow dream 'll make sooner later .	'Whoever wants to succeed must get a scholarship .'
"According to the passage , "" Excuse me "" is mainly used to catch attention stranger"	"""address a person you do n't know"""
According to the author , Americans are pretty sure that they can live happy life spite problems	"""improve their life by following the elders ' advice"""
What might be the best title of this passage ? College Entrance Exams America	'The Cost of American Colleges'
Why does the author write this passage ? To encourage kids study science .	'To expect more people to travel in Costa Rica .'
The best headline    fot this newspaper article is Snake Doctor	'Farmer Loses Arm'
Jeans can be cool for nearly 150 years because make us feel youth , comfort energy	'they have different colors'
What can we infer about people like Debbie Downer ? They inconsiderate others .	'They are good at telling stories .'
The writer advises you go wellknown places	'not to visit dangerous places'
When does a computer consume the most energy ? When use complex calculations .	'When we use it to type some documents and emails .'
According to the passage , many parts of a shark are valuable EXCEPT shark teeth	'shark fins'
It will be easier for you to feel grateful when get help hard times	'you live a comfortable life'
The serious effects of the death of languages include all except that Language diversity would become obstacle globalization	'People would fail to understand how languages originated'
Long ago , when the sick man was operated on , he could feel pain	'could feel nothing'
Some scientists started to call Wi - Fi 4 G , because capable sending information mobile phone network	'Wi - Fi will surely take the place of the mobile phone network'
From the passage we can smell that the writer hoped memories remembered	'did not like the third year'
Which of the following is the best title for the text ? Who Can Benefit Online Program	"""Online Educaiton-- Everyone 's Perfect Choice"""
What ' s the best title of the passage ? Exploring world feet	'A talented girl . Jessica'
What causes Fishlock to think that elephants are special ? The deep love .	'Their trust in humans .'
To apply for the positions above , one must related working experience	'work long hours'
Who will come to China ? Annie mother	"""Annie 's family"""
What 's the best title of this passage (   ) ? Color	'Dark color'
What can we learn about Arcadia ? It novel written Lauren Groff .	"""It is Elizabeth Von Arnim 's latest novel ."""
The famous explorer traveled world	'had walked across Death Valley'
What is essential for you to use Goodreads ? An account .	'A list'
It is implied in the passage that , after their material purchases , people might regret making wrong decision buy items	"""leave what they 've purchased untouched at home"""
For coal - fired power stations , burning biomass alone would require considerable changes	"""setting up dependable supply channels needs governments ' support"""
Ryan Stewart is probably going to go back school	'get a teaching job'
What is the massage mainly about ? A ship engineer 's wartime experience .	"""A merchant 's memories of a sea rescue ."""
People like to carry their money in traveler 's checks when traveling abroad , because    safe handy	'they can save travelers plenty of money'
The purpose of the picture and the words below are to raise topic discussed	'show the popularity of electronic devices'
Why does the author say writing is very important ? Because important skill many jobs .	'Because it is a required course at high school and college .'
According to the passage , any vacation from thinking should be taken summer	'several times throughout the year'
What are adults like in the eye of the narrator ? They n't really understand life .	"""They do n't like Turkish costume ."""
If the story is to be continued , what is likely to be written next ? The wife 's feelings	"""The wife 's happy life"""
The passage is meant to show that faith others	'teachers should love their students'
Henry copied Jenny 's composition because n't know write	'he forgot to write it before he went to bed'
What was the aim of setting up the fund ? To help people need help	'To collect money for AIDS patients .'
In the second answer the author mainly reminds Harry give learning n't like	'what he should avoid at university'
When did the writer make the important decision ? When studying Junior 3 .	'After he was in one of the best classes .'
"Why was Mr Smith caught by the policeman ? Because pronunciation "" Hi , Jack "" another frightful meaning ."	'Because he greeted an airport engineer named Jack .'
George got information about Richard from wrapping paper book	"""one of Richard 's competitors"""
Why did he build the pad ? Because n't enough money buy rent house .	'Because he has no house to get married in .'
Why was Sam late for his job ? Because caught traffic jam .	'He was busy applying for a new job .'
The passage tells us Americans ought work hard efficiency	'Chinese workers come to work when it is convenient'
Why did the old lady prevent Jack from passing by the park ? In case might disturb work .	"""Jack 's mother asked her to do so ."""
Which is Not true ? Ann cleaning blackboard .	'Mike is helping Ann clean her desk .'
The purpose of the writer 's writing the passage is describe readers memories father	'to tell how his father made a puppet for him'
The young couple were at an art museum appreciate art	'to describe paintings'
Why did Kenya create ACA ? To deal illegal trade .	"""To raise people 's awareness of counterfeit goods ."""
Morrison has been awarded the Nobel Prize perhaps because written attracted people 's attention Blacks ' life	'she mostly writes about the black women'
What is this story about ? Celebrating special day .	'Forgetting a birthday .'
"Why did the Chinese couple try to name their baby "" @ "" ? Because @ symbol sounds something like "" ai ta "" , means "" love "" Chinese ."	'Because the @ symbol is familiar to email users all over the world .'
The purpose of the passage is to recommend different tours England	'advertise some popular English attractions'
What would be the best title for this passage ? The Health Benefits Cherries	'Different Opinions about Cherries'
What does the author value most in the communication with each other ? Attention heart .	"'Saying "" I \'m sorry ""'"
""" You can never go home again""in the last sentence of the passage means that one never find hometown childhood memory"	"""a visit to one 's hometown will bring back one 's pleasant memories of home"""
Why did the author tell his students the story ? To encourage students positive .	'To make his class more lively .'
If you want to share a story of your pets with the readers , you need to send it to Smart Animals	'Anecdotes and Jokes'
How did Dr Gibbs treat his trees ? He sometimes beat trees rolled - newspaper .	'He watered them every morning .'
Her experiences in the Choir helped Omega to become singer	'recognize her music talent'
The main purpose of the psychologists ' leaving hundreds of wallets around was to find out made people willing help strangers	'what kind of feelings could be caused by a smiling baby'
China has decided to carry out its human spaceflight in 2008 in order to show great achievements world .	'prove that China is a developed country .'
The author wrote the story to advise us regret act immediately	'describe a miserable trip to a city named Regret'
The first thing to remember in studying is that you must enjoy learning	'study hard'
What 's the author 's purpose to write this passage ? To appeal Chinese government protect environment .	'To announce that smog has stayed in Beijing for more than a week .'
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? What I learned air crash .	'Life is a miracle as we imagine .'
What was the main idea of this passage ? The Second Wave Feminist .	"""Women 's Independent Spirits ."""
According to the writer , people often assume different statuses situation changes	'in order to better recognize other people'
The professor tossed the coin to tell Baines that way exam would never work	'the exam result depended on the coin'
In this passage Payne tried to make people believe man road probably killed wife	'tell why his wife was killed that night'
In some people 's opinions , the ancient Egyptians started to grow grain because wanted produce beer grain	'they wanted to trade the grain for beer'
What can kids do at Becoming Bears ? Dress baby bears learn bears .	'Learn how to survive a bear attack .'
When the author 's mother brought her little brother Joey back from the hospital , the author great fun playing game	"""worried that he might steal her mother 's love from her"""
The differences between Asian and American culture are not discussed in     Accidents	'Medicine'
Which of the following is a white lie ? Your friend 's bag n't beautiful say .	"""you tell a parent that the newly - born baby is n't beautiful ."""
Why are n't bats generally recognized as skilled pilots ? They 're primarily active night .	"""They 're not the most skilled in flying ."""
The ancient people in India attached importance to sun 's power	'ancient temples'
ozone does harm to plants mainly by damaging structure leaves	'making the land unfit for the plants to grow'
When will money come out of the machine ? After put amount money .	'Before we put in the amount of money .'
The author felt excited about graduation because could independent	'he was tired of high school life'
"According to the passage , the "" fetch friend "" program encourages ordinary people help cut carbon footprint"	'aims to reduce the cost of the service'
Why does the author mention The Polar Express ? To show us designed book .	'To tell us an interesting story .'
Why do scientists experiment with C. elegans ? Because want find space travel affects astronauts	'Because the worm will be taken into space .'
What 's the danger of space junk ? It hit spaceship .	'It will pollute space .'
According to Rae Armantrout , winning Pulitzer unexpected	'her 10th book is much better'
The passage suggests that the writer found hard stop reading book	"""did n't want to read the book at first"""
Who wrote this story ? A student New York interested maths .	"""Mrs. O'Neil from New York who found some money on her way home ."""
In the author 's opinion , knowing priorities makes us competitive work	'reading at night helps to make us more productive'
The Friends of the Amazon is the name of non - profit organization	'a famous carbon cowboy'
It can be learned from the passage that keeping calm time earthquake important .	'lots of things must be done to survive an earthquake .'
What can we know about Patty Griffin ? Her song l,000 Kisses n't win Grammy award	'She founded her first band Patty & the Executive .'
Why did the writer 's parents tell him not to talk to strangers ? Because could bring danger .	"""Because their son did n't like to talk to strangers ."""
We can learn from the passage that the members of the Club enjoy savings beginning	'can always buy what they want at the lowest price .'
Which of the following least explains kids ' advantage over adults based on the speaker ? Excess restrictions .	'Irrational thinking .'
If you want sharp hearing , you should take good care ears	'often wear earplugs and clean out the earwax'
According to the passage , an eye is like a camera because both record images	'provide centered images'
What do most of the students think of their unusual summer ? It 's meaningful	"""It 's a bit honor"""
What would the passage deal with , if it were to continue ? How handle stress correctly .	'How we can benefit from stress .'
The air in Guozijian is fragrant because incenses shop ancient books give lots scent	'there is the Confucian Temple'
What does the author try to express through the story ? What others important	'A man of words and not of deeds is like a garden full of weeds'
Why did Stephen only move his head when he was drawing a picture ? Because wanted show girl everything possible .	'Because the little girl liked him to do so .'
Leaving the towels on the floor means that need collected washed	'you want to join in the program'
Beginners of storm chasing are advised organized way	'not to get too close to a storm'
We can infer from this passage Captain Cook made mistake understanding	'Captain Cook was a foolish explorer'
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Giving help brings us happiness	'Making change bags is difficult'
Why does happiness not increase with pay rises ? People content get .	'Happiness has nothing to do with money .'
Which of the following may be the result of the disappearing of Greenland glaciers ? Some coastal cities may sea .	'The glaciers in other areas will be bigger .'
When she was a child , Florence loved help sick people	'wrote a book on public health'
The writer decided to try the model he had chosen because he wanted make sure one chose would best	'had a special interest in taking pictures of his fellow shoppers'
What can we learn from the story ? What think impossible happen might come unexpectedly	'Traps can always cause chain reactions'
What should you do when your dog looks ill ? You take vet .	'You should ask him to sit .'
Which of the following CANNOT help lose weight according to the passage ? Dessert butter .	'Raw fruit or vegetables .'
The passage inicates that Mrs. Johnson was the best know for     contribution environmental improvement	'the National Wildflower Research Center'
Self - tracking was firstly put forward by two magazine editors	'scientists of Data Speaks Health Solutions'
Which of the following proverbs can best explain the story ? A stitch time saves nine	'No man can do two things at a time'
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Lucky Have Him	'My High School Years'
In the past the fellow who brought a boom box might cause less trouble beachgoers mobile phones	'might cause more trouble than the beachgoers with mobile phones'
In which team did Lin start his career in NBA ? The Golden State Warriors .	'the New York Knicks .'
The glove under the chair is black	"""Mrs. King 's"""
How did people react when McKenna posted her petition on change.org ? Many people supportive .	'Many people refused to buy toy ovens .'
We can learn from the passage that Virgin Trains seldom serious accident	"""did n't mind how many passengers the train can hold"""
What is the impact of the author 's first whale in his life ? He fallen love whale watching .	"""He ca n't have a normal daily life ."""
Why do Chinese college students choose to have a nose operation ? To chances getting job .	'To look like the Eiffel Tower .'
After Davion Only joined Connie Going 's family , Connie Going n't regret decision	'Connie Going bought a bigger house'
What is the most powerful unspoken way to show friendliness in Italy ? Smiling .	'Hand signs .'
Through service you can do all of the following EXCEPT forget lucky	'find your life purpose'
What does the text mainly tell us ? Suggestions important social skill .	'How to remember and repeat names in conversation .'
What can we conclude from the passage ? Friendship precious   .	'Getting a best friend means losing other things .'
It can be inferred that Nelson Mandela taking world 's greatest fight AIDS	'continues to help the black people with the political struggle'
We can learn from the passage that The author 's father passed away	"""The author 's mother never kissed her again since that night"""
You can get a bird to talk more by   - . training certain way	'making it imitate another bird'
What 's the main purpose of this passage ? To call people attend Zero Waste .	'To enjoy a clean Christmas .'
What 's Stefan Fridman 's attitude towards the city 's plan ? He thinks unreasonable .	'He thinks it should be followed by other cities .'
How did Sears ' goal - setting affect its employees ? They turned unethical practice meet sales target .	'They were forced to work more hours to increase their sales .'
What 's the text mainly about ? A monkey invented gesture .	'How humans influenced monkeys .'
It can be learned from the passage the Reykiavik named Iceland 's first settler .	"""was named after Iceland 's first settler ."""
In the writer 's opinion , a man ca n't drive drinking wine	"""if he does n't drink 10 beers in an hour"""
When seeing a child doing dangerous things , most parents will whatever possible stop	'praise the child for his bravery'
Family reunions can help you improve relation relatives	'kill time when you are bored'
What was the little girl doing with her doll ? She punishing doll .	'She was playing the doll with her friend Suzie .'
According to the text , the films children watch at school actually encourage guns	'teach them how to deal with guns safely'
What really worries Peter Brotherton is that soil time far saturation	'the population of animals is still unclear'
What has the research found ? Handsome men advantage jobs .	'Male workers pay more attention to their appearance .'
What is the best title for this passage ? Work Your Mind , Not Just Your Body	'Stop Wasting Time on Weight Loss'
What kind of shows does Li Ming like best ? Sports shows	'Talk shows'
The passage might come from news website	'a brochure about operas'
Which of the following are healthy foods for pet rabbits on a daily basis ? hay cabbage	'carrots and grass'
When the author realized the man nearby was homeless , she wondering whether offer food	'came up to the man to help him'
What happened to the farmers in southern Australia ? Their crop production dropped lot .	'They find no water coming out of the tap .'
Mo Yan wrote all of the following novels except Teahouse	'Life And Death Are Wearing Me Out'
Which of the following cases are not heard in the criminal justice system ? Failing pay back money .	'Kidnapping people for ransom .'
Which of the following best describes the life the author is leading ? A simple , slow - paced life .	'A life away from paper and pencils .'
Jack can get much money because able enough help boss	'the boss likes him'
What is the purpose of this text ? To report research result	'To introduce a new drug .'
What made Ann want to develop a battery - free flashlight ? Her friend 's unfortunate experience .	'Her great interest in science .'
"I will find out who has won the top to Western Australia when I read 
 The Straits Timeson 5th January"	'attend the lucky draw at Munchies Food Hall'
What is the biggest advantage of homeschooled children ? They socialize better .	'They will know how to arrange time .'
Gone with the Wind is the name of book	'a school'
Why does Jack prefer to pass the park ? It 's fastest way home .	"""It 's fun to cross the park ."""
Which of the following statements is true about Ms. Post ? She influenced people 's behaviour .	'few people today know about her .'
What may cause the risk of diseases according to the text ? Obesity .	'Junk food .'
Now the writer starts to read books again pure pleasure reading	'to find back his youth in books'
What problem resulted from the facial operations ? The patients usually suffered tissue rejection .	"""The patients would n't accept the facial change ."""
Which of the following is NOT TRUE ? Mary playing basketball boys .	'Mr. Li is telling interesting stories .'
The reason for declining adolescent smoking is that none	'smoking is prevented among high school seniors'
What is the passage mainly about ? An adventure Chile .	'An exciting fight with soldiers in Chile .'
The selection as a whole points to the fact that pain serves useful purpose	'life is happier without pain'
Why was Chris Hadfield 's song so special ? It performed space .	'It was created by an astronaut .'
What can you infer from the passage about many Third World countries ? They n't yet found effective measure control population .	'They would soon join Brazil in controlling their birth rate .'
Some Chinese people have money left in the bank because usually spend less	"""they do n't like spend money at all"""
The key factor that impacts the ranking is     . housing prices	'the exchange rate against U.S. dollars'
The purpose of the writer is to tell us special person influenced life .	'how Lynn Taylor fought against cancer .'
What is special about Skull Creek Boathouse ? It offers seafood mainly	'It offers a large variety of bottled wines'
Which of the following is TRUE about man in the future ? He hairless hair longer useful .	"""His fingers grow weaker because he does n't need to use them ."""
Why does the girl look unhappy ? Because n't like new school life .	"""Because her teachers do n't like her ."""
According to the story , the taxi driver enjoyed offering customers expected	'was forced to become a taxi driver to support his family'
When exploring blue holes , divers must learn make good use air supply	'wear glasses in case of bright blue light'
What 's inside the box according to the little girl ? kisses	'gold wrapping paper'
. How will researchers improve these high - tech clothes ? Body heat used power .	'A tiny nine - volt battery will work .'
In the early sixteenth century , Quebec was only Indian village	'a village at the entrance to the Gulf of St. Lawrence'
Computer fictions are popular for the following possible reasons except that people doubt literary value	'people are curious about the stories written by computers'
What will they do in space ?   They will Both A C	'do two space dockings'
If the stimulus package is passed quickly and successfully , it can provide job opportunities	'finalize economic legislation'
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? The author difficulty adapting life London .	'Schools in London focus on no activities .'
Why is O'Keeffe considered an artistic pioneer ? Her paintings definite American style .	'She painted the American Southwest .'
According to the passage , when you 're worried , you 'd better talk someone	'write down your worries'
Changes to the bicycle have occurred over the years because of discovery useful new materials new ideas	'the need for new kinds of bicycles'
From the passage we can see that EF made great achievement language training .	'is the largest center of English teachers in China .'
The following things can make you look good EXCEPT pair scissors	'wearing clean uniforms'
What can we learn about roadrunners from the text ? They move fast pace .	'They have short tails and legs .'
The passage in written to Introduce hotel Singapore attract .	'Persuade you to travel to Singapore .'
Yong people wave goodbye to handshakes because    many young people think handshaking formal	'they prefer to touch fists or blow an air kiss'
What 's Maria 's most serious problem ? She chance go school .	'Her mother needs her badly at home .'
What should you do in India if you agree with somebody ? Shake head .	'Nod your head .'
What does the writer mean by the sentence taken from an old poem ? Try keep violence murder far away society .	'Advise parents to stay with their children safely at home .'
At the beginning , the advertisement tries to encourage readers to enter the contest by offering prizes	'showing sample logos'
Haitian Restaurant is left Songshan Road .	'between Renmin Road and Sonshan Road .'
Which of the following should be the best title for the text ? A brief introduction Harriet Tubman	'A history of American black slaves'
In 1995 , Ma Yun set up a company named China Yellowpages	'Alibaba'
When the writer first saw the foreigners , she felt shy speak	'hoped to invite the foreigner to the bar'
What do most families in America do on Christmas Day ? They big dinner , exchange    presents visit friends	'They just visit friends and exchange presents'
Marc Briol gets much of his inspiration from many sources EXCEPT food color1s	'food blogs'
Who are most likely to be interested in Jagriti ? Children , especially Utkarsh 's schoolmates .	'Women around Utkarsh .'
The passage is about Dining Lowers Nutrient Intake	'Fast food in the USA'
What can we learn from the passage about the U.S. agriculture ? It quite modernized .	'The American farmers need more land than before .'
Why did John talk about the weather when the writer was looking at the bill ? Because n't want writer go bill carefully .	'Because he wanted the writer to check the bill carefully .'
""" Tianzhi "" includes services in the following fields EXCEPT voice processing"	'deep learning'
What 's the best title for the passage ? Teen Internet Surfing Tips	'How to Surf Online'
You are advised to go blogging to check others writing posting pictures	'ask others not to disclose your personal information and picture'
Which of the following is true ? Leonhard good driving dog sleds .	'The author suffered a lot while taking the dog sled in Alaska .'
Where do today 's children see Donald Duck cartoons ? On television .	'In new cartoons .'
We can learn from the passage that the writer successful teacher	'works in the same school with Mrs. Wakefield'
During his climbing up Taipei 101 , Alai Robert seen television screen sometimes	'never felt tired all the time'
Why did Harry think that they should make for the river ? The desert heat would kill .	'He knew the road leading north .'
Mr. and Mrs. Green enjoyed the country because quiet clean	'there was an old man'
From the passage We can know Internet useful disadvantage	"""the students ca n't finish their homework"""
What are disadvantages of the flush toilet we use today ? Washing lot water needing costly sewage system .	'Improving hygiene and environment .'
What is the best title for this passage ? A walk others	'A journey to Los Angeles'
Where did the writer and Alice go on the first day ? The Clock Tower .	'The Monkey Garden .'
What 's Not TRUE according to the passage ? Lu Han still EXO music group .	'He likes playing football and basketball .'
What do the researchers say about today 's business culture ? It attach enough importance task - based practice .	"""It places more emphasis on work efficiency than on workers ' lives ."""
From the end of the story , it can be known that the girl knew person	'would never feel alone any more'
Reading can help write well	'help you to be a good player'
"If you want to ask who is answering the telephone , you ca n't say , "" Who ?"	'Is that Mr ... speaking ?'
What does News Two tell us ? It asks us respect parents .	'It asks us to read books from Yuan Dynasty .'
Aunt Myrtle recommended the author to a newspaper editor mainly to develop capabilities writing	'offer her a series of writing jobs'
When Mrs. O'Neil found twelve boys made exactly the same mistakes in the test , she wanted teach twelve boys stop cheating	'tried to find out who made the mistakes first'
Sagorin became volunteer as a result of determination change world	"""the training she 's received at school"""
The example given by Qia Wang is meant to . show benefits software	'describe the software briefly'
Ma Yan wants to study because she wants to get knowledge change life	'get more money for her study in Tsinghua University'
Wang Lin , who will go to Englandto attend junior school , will be interested in Bridging Course	'any course'
Mr Smith would have to spend New Year 's Day hospital	'outside hospital'
Jee Hock and Meng Kim were good friends	'tigers'
If you want to buy a flat , according to the survey , you will consider the following EXCEPT height building	'property management'
Mrs McCullers did not write for many years because mental block	'strokes left her partially incapacitated'
If you want to work better at your low point in the morning , you should get early usual	'change your energy cycle'
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The writer rides faster afternoon .	'The writer has to sleep late during the tour .'
Who is Not good at drawing in this article ? Jenny .	'Brian .'
What can we infer from the text ? Many people hate commuting daily .	'The tradition office will no longer exist .'
What is the solution to the water problem for a long time ? Control population	'Not to waste water .'
How did Stephen help the little girl in the hospital ? By offering love .	'By drawing a lot of pictures for her .'
Which of the following is NOT the usual way of keeping healthy ? To exercise .	'To avoid staying in the sun for a long time .'
According to the passage , Taobao is website people buy different things	'an Internet store where we can buy whatever we want'
From the story , we can draw a conclusion that     . joint efforts make difference	'the blind live a happy life despite difficulties'
Victor asks Ted to learn get well others	'stop talking with his roommates'
Father brought a TV set into his son 's room stop son crying	'to let his son spend a good night'
Which of the following is an example of multitasking ? Watching TV using computer .	'Talking on the phone when lying on the sofa .'
Americans also call vans Motor homes	'Motor cars'
Why did Atwood decide to invent the LongPen ? To make book signings less tiring .	'To write her books in a new way .'
Why did the WHO start a global mental health action plan ? To make policy - makers countries pay attention problem depression .	'To help build more colleges that study mental health .'
What is probably the best title for the passage ? What future life like Internet ?	'How can human beings deal with the Internet ?'
Why does Emily write the email ? To make Russian friend .	'To find a Russian teacher .'
The best title for this story would be My New Stepfather	"""Mothers Should n't Marry ."""
We can learn from the passage that important help need	'it is necessary to call on friends or families'
Why does the moon look as big as the sun ? Because 's much closer Earth .	'Because it is the fifth largest moon in the solar system .'
Supporters think that the expansion of wind power agrees EU targets non - carbon energy generation	'is more rapid than that of carbon - based power'
Which of the following statements is correct according to the passage ? People reading well online may surpass rely books .	'To search for information on the web engages viewers without text .'
What 's inside the box according to the little girl ? Kisses .	'Gold wrapping paper .'
The moral of the original story is that wicked person escape punishment .	'a dishonest child can not get mother love .'
One of the reasons why women are employed to do the picking is that fingers fit better job	'they can move easily find the twin leaves'
Which of the following may be the best title for this passage ? Driving dead ?	'New technology will change cars ?'
Steve Jobs did n't finish his college education because he financial problems .	'wanted to start a company .'
If you want to work with the new events team , you should speak English well	'work full - time'
According to the text , most people do not seem to be against hunting because little knowledge	'it is too costly to stop killing wildlife'
""" The airliner market is not such a device "" means that the airliner market full competitions new entrants"	'does not encourage technology transfer'
Where can you find this article ? A newspaper	'An advertisement about some mayor candidates'
In Central Library , you can buy souvenirs	'see the old harp'
The young man was traveling across the country in 1971 probably to find new job	'look for a good restaurant'
What can we learn from Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571 ? 8 killed fall large mass snow mountainside .	'The rest who stayed alive killed 8 people .'
The passage is intended for those who met difficulties life	"""do n't know how to be thankful"""
The passage suggests that elephants good memories	'can recognize other species'
In the passage the writer is trying to describe working life	'encourage readers to work at home'
What did the two baby elephants have in common ? They trapped well .	'They were both rescued by local people .'
What did the author prefer to do during his summer holidays ? Watch TV comfortably home .	'Visit Aunt Loretta .'
Which of the following is true about Sandra ? She popular teammates	"""She is n't the tallest but the fastest ."""
Why does the author mention Mr. Smythe in the letter ? To prove teachers ' words worth listening .	'To help us understand ourselves and the world .'
It seems that people can enjoy Carols by Candlelight because of warm weather	'the Christmas Bush'
The intended readers of this passage are university students	'book dealers'
Why did the dog 's owner take his dog to the pound ? He moving new building .	'His wife did not like the dog .'
Which may be the best title for the passage ? One bulb grown , magnificence dawns	'A woman and Daffodils'
What would be the best title for the passage ? Stupid Question	'A Big Clock'
Which is NOT mentioned in the passage ? You introduced .	'Our gestures and other nonverbal actions are very important .'
Which of the following   does n't Mary like doing ? Watching TV .	'Going to the parks .'
Bob and Peter lived different families	'lived in the same family'
Which of the following may be the best title for this passage ? My Impressions Alamo San Antonio , Texas .	'The Texan War of Independence against Mexico .'
When Franz Vogts met the teenagers on the underground , he thought studying instead staying	'knew there was no hope for him to get a seat'
According to the passage , why is online gossip more hurtful ? It removed easily .	'It is written words .'
A safety event held by insurance industry was meant to draw encough attention teenagers ' distracted driving	'encourage more teenagers to pay for insurance protection'
Internet companies try their best to search for great ideas to attract people websites	'offer movie - like experience'
What 's this passage about ? The French Revolution .	'King Louis .'
What might happen if a car were left unlocked in Sharon 's neighborhood at harvest time ? It might loaded vegetables fruits .	'Neighbors might borrow it .'
What did the author 's father really mean ? To understand fish think .	'To read about fish .'
Steven Lash thinks Bangkok 's hospitals really excellent	'are better than hospitals in the USA'
"From this passage , we can learn that a step - parent can part "" inner circle "" family"	'exchange e - mails and messages with step - children'
The best title for the passage would be My Birthday Party	'How to Hold a Happy Birthday Party'
To choose a place for a photo walk , you are suggested to decide place interest	'spend time discussing with fun people'
When the eyes are sore tears are produced to balance pain	'treat snow - blindness'
The following are the results of melting permafrost except water needed people animals	'holes are formed in the ground'
According to Jovan , the guide failed perform duties	'had a good knowledge of the city'
Which of the following about men drivers worries the writer most ? Not paying full attention .	'Making jokes about women .'
What can we learn about Jose 's father ? He proud Jose .	'He is very strict with Jose'
When did Mandela ask the prison authorities for the permission to start a small garden ? Almost soon went prison .	'Long after he went to prison there .'
Which of the following statements does the author probably agree with ? Proper climate action useful .	'Everyone needs time to get used to extreme weather .'
The police rushed in catch black people	'to catch a gang of white youths'
Why is online education a perfect choice for a young stay - at - home mother ? She learn taking care family .	'She will feel less embarrassed by learning online .'
What can be the best title of the passage ? Helping Deaf More Patience	"""Do n't Take Your Hearing for Granted"""
""" Remembered history "" refers to B C"	'stories of important happenings passed down from mouth to mouth'
The first thing to remember in studying is that must enjoy learning	'you must study hard'
If you want to ask the boss for anything , it is important to find out first feeling .	'whether the boss had breakfast .'
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Sisters , fortune life	'Sharing things gives you a better life'
If you have a 3-day holiday in April , which of the following may interest you most ? Surf Sand Dunes	'Wander Free on a Dude farm'
You can visit Farm World 2 p. m. Christmas	'at 10 : 30 a. m. during school holidays'
In the movieMars Needs Momsthe aliens want to make Milo 's mother kids ' mom	"""kill Milo 's mother"""
After staying in New Zealand for a short time , the writer realized needed find job make living	'it was easy to get a new job'
What is the function of the more expensive cup from the passage ? In cases hides drink .	'It makes the coffee taste better .'
Who did the old lady finally turn to for help ? The police	'A billboard company'
What is the common view about careers of the people mentioned in this passage ? One keep learning new things improve .	'One should start his career from doing a simple job .'
What did Kate decide to do ? Stop express train .	'Visit the station - master'
The writer felt so cold that she wished hot day	'she could sweat in the hot day'
What is the best title for this passage ? Job Chances Major Subjects	'The Debate on Liberal Arts and Science'
If you buy and read Successful Fishermen , you will learn choose fishing places	'know where to buy fishing rods'
What does the writer want to tell in the passage ? many inventions get ideas nature .	'Some animals possess unique skills .'
Who can Bella most probably    be ? His girlfriend .	"""Mr. Reg 's client   ."""
What is the passage mainly about ? Clothes fashion .	'Suits and ties .'
The news that Mr. Bean committed suicide made fans Atkinson worried	'was to play a joke on Rowan Atkinson'
If you buy advance tickets , you go buy tickets	'make an order with the museum in advancee'
According to the text , which of the following is not true ? There 157 middle schools inWest Virginia .	'About one person in three West Virginians are overweight .'
What conclusion can you draw after reading the passage ? The father actually kind son .	'The father treats his son in an unfair way .'
According to the passage , same - sex marriage permitted New York , still remains controversial	'is merely legal in New York and Manhattan'
Hamburg is     city Germany	'a round piece of beef'
English on - line interests a lot of people because      . makes learning easier interesting	'only in this way one can learn the language well'
The findings of the research are said to have special connections with human babies	'causes of noises'
Mark Bauerlein might agree that summer homework helps students develop right attitude toward learning	"""should be based on the school 's teaching program"""
The old man 's heart mess scars	"""is not nearly as beautiful as the young man 's"""
According to the text , what does the course offer ? Effective language instruction .	'Learning a new language by repeating many times .'
The following may do harm to the ozone layer EXCEPT ranchers	'spray cans'
What 's the best title of this passage ? A New Kind Schoolbag .	'How to Use the E - schoolbag ?'
The article was written mainly to tell readers importance British accent	"""attract people to attend Communicaid 's courses"""
Professor Handy wrote the book most probably to warn us potential social problems future	'suggest a better term for future retirement'
Why does n't Tom tell his father there is a fly on his father 's food ? Because father n't let speak time .	'Because his father likes to eat flies .'
What made the Sichuan middle school students happy ? Their schools took new look .	'The new school term began .'
Trees become unhealthy if the gardener allows many branches grow middle	'damages some of the small side branches'
What do the British Museum and the National Gallery have in common ? Both chargeable exhibitions .	'Both exhibit modern and contemporary art .'
To the writer , one benefit of having a basic mobile phone is that used excuse bad habits	'it can often be found back after it is stolen'
What can we infer from the passage ? The Guardian newspaper done lot biodiversity .	'Fishing sharks is illegal around the world .'
Most disabled people are begging along the street because want make living way	'more and more people love to help them'
From the text , we learn that as a little boy the writer      . showed gift writing	'put out lots of poems and stories'
Some people wo n't stop kids from abusing animals because n't take animal abuse seriously	'they are too busy to worry about the animals'
Children love Mickey Mouse because makes happy	'it is a mouse'
What made Joe become a good man ? His daughter 's death .	'His prison life .'
Please find the best title for the passage . Meals .	'Main Meal'
From the surveys , we learn that in Europe only the UK has the highest number of 15 -year -olds tried cannabis	'the boys who have tried illegal drugs at least once'
"In the sentence : "" They finished their meal "" , "" meal "" here means ""   wolf killed Jack"	"""the meal prepared by Jack 's friend"""
Insurance companies focus on female driver clients   probably because they careful drivers cause less damage	'cause little damage and pay more money to the insurance companies'
What would the best title for the passage ? Keep calm face storm	'True emergencies'
Why did Paul love his part - time job as an usher ? He could enjoy music plays .	'He liked to do part -- time jobs .'
Margaret Bourke - White reported news taking pictures	'began her career by working for Fortune'
According to the passage , which of the following makes Shenzhen so crowded ? There many people	'Shenzhen has not enough water .'
Participants will be taken to places might unfamiliar	'what is most typical of London'
If you want to know how fast and how tall you should grow , ask doctors help	'You can record your growth during puberty'
"According to the passage , when he worked on his dictionary , Noah Webster did all of the           following EXCEPT dropping "" u "" British words"	'adding local words'
The young man returned to the doctor 's office the next day because    still could n't go sleep night	'he wanted to ask the doctor how to count the numbers'
The passage mainly talks about compulsory cooking classes	'the lost cooking skills'
Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant was turned off because earthquake damaged heavily	'many workers left the plant'
Where does the business culture mainly come from ? The founder	'The new employees'
What did Jack do when he had read the newspaper again ? made telephone call .	'He stopped the American car .'
Jonathan Bishop believes that the Internet overuse problem can be solved if people realize important life	'try to improve the Internet environment'
"Why was "" little theatre "" started in Europe ? To entertain poor people ."	'To get people interested in theatrical productions .'
According to the passage , what do students log on to their micro blogs to do ? check things	'call their parents'
Tom Brown was afraid thieves   would take bag away .	'to put down the bag next to the door .'
Who have the same opinion ? Headmaster Mrs. White .	'Editor and Mr. White .'
What is implied    in the passage ? Man destroy n't solve problem .	'Modern fishing methods are helpful in our fishing industry .'
"What can we know about two dogs who are already friends ? They show friendship "" dog kisses "" ."	'They seldom give each other kisses .'
What is mainly talked about in the text ? Some strange laws know trip .	'Why there are strange laws in the world .'
The passage is mainly about parents ' friend requests	'social networks'
It 's possible for us to change websites just by a click because of web designers ' work	"""the website manager 's work"""
How did the third blonde know that the suspect wore contact lenses ? By coincidence .	'By checking the file in the computer .'
What both men and women do n't like in their spare time is taking part cultural activities	'doing domestic chores'
What can we infer from the text ? Luck plays vital role Judy 's survival .	'Holden cared little where Judy was buried .'
"The question "" How do you feel ? "" seems to be correct and suitable when asked of friend ill"	'a man working at his desk'
How can we master English well ? We study English well culture use .	'We can study hard in classrooms and houses and get high marks in exams .'
What can we learn from the story ? Keep calm facing difficulties .	'It is a waste of time to watch TV .'
About Dr. Roman Gerodimos ' experiment , we know that volunteers felt uncomfortable .	"""volunteers did n't want to eat anything ."""
How will we feel if we let the clerk know her mistake ? We 'll sense honor .	"""We 'll feel sorry for the clerk ."""
The cause of the regularized time is widespread railroad travel	'the sun time'
Why do people on the Channel Islands follow French way of living ? Their islands used part France .	'Their islands are often visited by the French .'
Many American cops do a lot to help children whose parents are law - breakers because well aware misery Jews	'they are afraid that these children might be addicted to drugs .'
Which of the following is right about the Beatles according to the passage ? It commercially successful .	"""Many of today 's young people believe its ideals ."""
Why have n't beings from space visited us yet according to Shostak ? It 's long way away .	"""They do n't know how to use radio signals ."""
what do I see ? woman big dog	'a dog'
Why did the surfers get into trouble with the fishermen in Japan ? They tried stop fishermen killing dolphins .	'They attacked Japanese culture .'
Bears and lions can keep safe because they colours much like trees	'like brown and grey colours'
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? Banks ' trips many places laid foundation achievements botany .	'Both Banks and Linneaus devoted their whole loves to investigating plants .'
Why does Regina Wilson say she does not afraid ? She busy putting fires .	'She knows how to fight fires .'
Which of the following statements would the writer most probably agree with ? Raising animals negative influence environment .	'The car industry does less harm to environment than farming .'
Paper cuttings can be used for 	'decoration on presents'
It can be inferred from the text that $ 10 enough book ticket Blue Concert	"""New Year 's Laughs will hold shows three times"""
What would be the suitable title for the passage ? Dog Cat Honored Saving Their Masters	'Great Honors for Cat and Dog'
If families like water - skiing , they can find information on www . Threecliffsbay.com	'www . Fourseasons.com / goldentriangle'
"You can bounce around a little bit and find out what you want to do . "" Bounce "" in this sentence is most similar in meaning to I army brat , I always bounced lot I young"	"""The ex - boxer 's job is to bounce people who want to enter this private club ."""
What is the author 's comment on Krugman 's claim about the current   drought in America 's Midwest ? So far way prove validity .	'A time machine is needed to tell if it is true .'
Which of the following is TRUE ? The writer paid $ 30 model helicopter .	'The models in the shop are only for children .'
What happened as a result of Alexander 's expedition ? The Persian Empire overturned .	'Phoenicia was destroyed by Greek merchants .'
What do we know about the early coins ? They still many disadvantages .	"""People didn ' t like the metal currency ."""
Holland is mentioned in the passage to show      . origin Canadian Tulip Festival	'the popularity of the Canadian Tulip Festival'
The best title for the passage would be The Elderly : A Forgotten Generation	'If Only I could be getting better'
Other drivers thought they were going attend funeral   church	'carrying a cupboard to the church'
Which of the following can be put in the blank of the text ? Calms anxiety	'Makes better use of time'
What 's the passage about ? A stampede New Year 's Eve Shanghai .	'A countdown event in Beijing .'
We can guess the writer of the letter , Sun Yan , may be a    student	'visitor'
What can we know about Venice from the passage ? It strong sea power .	'It sinks at a rate of 2 inches every 200 years .'
What is the article mainly about ? How islands formed mud volcanoes .	'The difference between mud volcanoes and regular volcanoes .'
Who is Vincent ? An American student	'A middle school student in Zhejiang .'
Italians like to eat pizza	'hot food'
If you like traveling by train , you can go to British Study Tours	'Summer School in France'
Which of the following is TRUE about William Sprigg ? He thinks African dust also affects US .	'He has collected enough evidence about dust influences .'
The little boy decided to buy the smallest puppy because knew smallest puppy needed understanding care	'he liked puppies that were unable to run fast'
Mrs Woo and her children did n't get hurt because felt house moving went children	'they were all outside the house when the storm came'
According to the passage , what is a child 's greatest dissatisfaction ? He thinks got equal freedom seniors .	'He thinks he knows less about things than the older do .'
According to the passage , chatting in the cyberspace puts emphasis people 's thoughts	'allows people to discuss politics secretly'
Necessary conditions for life on Mars mentioned in the passage may include water protection radiation	'water and radiation from space'
According to the author , playing on The Entropia Universe quite expensive	'is a good way to earn money'
Why was the writer sure he was going to be a great father ? Because father already set good example .	'Because his son is so gifted .'
Which of the following is NOT true ? Millie enjoys life Ketton .	'Millie can go to the church in the centre of the town .'
An independence movement ca n't be successful without leader	'without Gandhi'
"The word "" Braille "" means words known blind"	'words known by common people'
In the author 's opinion American firms are not doing anything to deal with the issue of the ageing workforce mainly because options consider	'they are unwilling to hire older workers'
Which one of the following is the best title of the passage ? Self - image American Teenagers	'Looks And Self - respect of American Teenagers'
The passage mainly describes the importance of mother 's love	'birthday gifts'
According to the passage , whoever enters get patch free	'each first - place winner will get $ 100'
What 's the most Important message in Michael 's letter ? Learning take place outside classroom .	'The school is a better place for students to learn .'
The capsule hotel in Shanghai differs from those in Japan in that shower room	'its capsule is much larger'
What problems do hippos lead to ? They eat grass habitats .	"""They always destroy other animals ' food ."""
According to the passage , college students prefer to find jobs by going job center university	'asking experts for help'
What is a herdsman ? someone cares domestic animals	'someone who builds cities'
What 's C.N. Yang 's nationality   ? American	'Chinese'
"What kind of people are more likely to suffer from "" mobile - phone acouasm "" ? Those use mobile phones often ."	'Those who like mobile phones very much .'
What can we learn about Ramesh ? His customers mainly local laundry owners .	'He accomplished his sales task perfectly within 10 days .'
Reading the passage , we can feel the deep love that pet dog shows master	'the master shows to the pet dog'
Lying is complex because people well	'ancient stories are full of lies'
Which of the following characterizes aggressive driving ? Shouting another driver .	'Driving at high speed .'
What do you know about Oprah Winfrey ? She became successful effort .	'She was very lucky and seldom suffered setbacks in her life .'
If you are ill   , you can go to see Kate 's father	"""Kate 's mother"""
As with the dog Barney , people think habitual way	'enjoy having a car ride'
What might lead to the tragedy of the three Bronte sisters ? The social prejudice women days .	'The failure of their brother .'
We can infer people use contact lenses to correct short - sightedness	'prevent short - sightedness'
What makes Gifts.com popular ? Its special gift ideas . .	'Its endless new gifts .'
If you want to improve your English , you must practise often possible	'speak English all day long'
Khaki cargo pants are special because they enough pockets	'go well with floral patterns in shirts'
Where does Sue drive past ? A cinema .	'A post office .'
Which question was most probably asked by the author ? What I cage self - pity ?	'What are we doing in this cage in the middle of a zoo ?'
Which of the following is NOT true of the writer ? He works bank clerk , .	'He was touched by the untouched cup of tea .'
What does the writer think we should do ? We thankful others ' help .	"""We should n't look down upon the sailors ."""
According to the passage , the following are the benefits of later school start time EXCLUDING increase examination scores	'decrease in health - center admissions'
Scientist Robert Dore came to the conclusion based on research analysis	'a major cause of climate change'
What is the aim of the campaign of the US Anti - smoking Organization ? To make effort end teenage smoking	'To end the production of cigarettes .'
With the help of the speech software , it is most possible say want another 's voice	"""to improve a famous person 's speech"""
"The best title for the text would be ""   Cure sadness"	"""A woman 's misfortune"""
If you are with type A , you might look peaceful outside	"""always start a task and do n't finish it"""
Who once failed to find a job ? Sandra Day O'Connor .	'Rachel Carson .'
Which of the following is NOT right ? Mary two twin sisters .	"""Mary 's grandparents are also in China ."""
The dialogue between the baby camel and his mother is quoted to introduce topic passage	'show the hard life of camels'
To reach the third floor of a building , it would probably be most healthful     walk stairs	'to find an alternative to walking'
"Mrs King woke up because heard voice "" mum "" like child 's"	"""she heard Mr King 's voice"""
What might be the best title for the passage ? People seem serious	'Life is simply as it is'
Why was the earth different from other planets ? The water remained .	'Water disappeared .'
How do scientists help the ferrets ? They train animals survive wild .	'They set ferrets free when they are two months old .'
Sophia saved money because trying help husband every possible way	'she knew her husband would lose his job one day'
The writer 's reading ability improved a great deal mainly because developed way reading	'she took a course on speed reading'
What 's the purpose of installing video cameras in police cars ? To cut number lawsuits .	'To pay less money on lawsuits .'
What kind of person is Rob Thompson ? He kind - hearted animals .	'He likes to help poor people .'
If the passage continues , it will be about truth Scotty 's Castle	'why Spanish built the castle'
It can be inferred from the text that the author 's family much influenced Grandma 's interest	'value the wonderful poems Grandma wrote'
You can not understand Shakespeare 's words easily because expressions different	'ordinary people can not understand them'
In what way is Guardian Eye most useful to kids ? It keeps seeing unwanted contents .	'It stops spyware from entering the computer .'
Which can be the best title of the story ? The Old Tree	"""The Man 's Wife"""
Nowadays people find it hard to save money because of all of the following reasons EXCEPT that people money past saving date	"""people 's living standard has improved and they can buy what they want"""
Lincoln College of English takes foreign students , beginners advanced	'accepts students only at the beginning of the year'
What did the US scientists of the University of Texas find out in their recent study ? First impressions tend last often .	"""It 's better to judge by logic than by instincts ."""
Which of the following is not mentioned in the passage ? They living nursing man	'They were once offered transitional housing'
The policeman stopped the boys to give ticket	'ask some band questions'
What 's the best title of the passage ? How Friend .	'A friend in Need is a Friend Indeed'
This passage is mainly about paper cut	'hair cut'
What activities can you participate in during the trip ? Enjoying sports entertainment .	"""Traveling by train with a guest ' family ."""
According to the passage , which animal is the most protective ? A Darwin 's rhea	'A sea horse'
What does Ghadi Hobeika feel about smartphones ? They make impossible people rest .	'They are useful to improve a work ability .'
The robber was caught easily because one fingers	'Mr. Green know where he lived'
We can learn from the first rule that picture must idea	'you need to write your ideas on your picture .'
Why did the man and the woman run ? Because neither wife husband   wanted wash dishes	"""the woman 's husband was angry with her"""
Which of the following persons may lose weight according to the new study ? Shirley wrote much loved children .	'Mary who wrote about her own adventure .'
What might be the most suitable title of the passage ? Short people isolated island	'Short people from a fairy tale'
Many young ladybirds lied because they wanted new guide	"""did n't want to get spots on their backs"""
The soldiers did n't say anything because officer followed general	"""the general did n't agree with them"""
Teachers hate doodlers because they thought doodlers pay attention class	'doodlers are doing no task'
Which would help Morrisons launch its own wesbsite in the future ? Launching online operation acquisition interest retailer	'Building more convenience stores and market in the United States'
""" The chimney smokes "" means The farmer 's wife angry"	"""There was something wrong with the farmer 's chimney"""
The woman stealing perfume guessed detective seen	'knew that the balls were for her'
When the athletes won the game , They awarded twice . The first , immediately competition ; second , last day game .	'They were awarded on the last day of the game or immediately after the competition .'
"The best title for the passage would be ""   I one"	"""Do n't believe others"""
The negative effect of planting trees in deserts is that make groundwater become less	'it can stop crops growing well'
According to Dana Cummings , AmpSurf can change attitude disabled towards life	'help the disabled learn to get used to their life'
Why does the passage tell a story at first ? In order introduce topic	'Because the little girl thought her father would buy a car'
The accident happened to Melissa when she was      . driving work professor	'on the way to a Christmas party'
Nobody   is in the classroom because 's Sunday	'Mary gets to the classroom so early'
The purpose of the writing is to call people donate blood	'introduce the National Blood Service'
Which of the following things surprised the author most ? That old man come faraway place although weak .	'That the old man was just like his own grandpa .'
What is the author 's purpose in writing the text ? To warn careful invisible trouble talking privacy colleagues .	'To advise office workers to be aware of the image they project .'
What was Ms. Milano 's original attitude toward starting a garden at school ? She doubtful	'She thought it a wonderful idea .'
The mother decided to go to the church to     donate (   ) money poor people	'show other people they were not poor'
What the author worries about most is carbon pollution sea	'the harm of sea grasses'
In order to be attractive , you should do followings EXCEPT Behave like Tom Cruise	'ask questions'
What can mirror tests tell us about animals ? Whether self - awareness .	'Whether they enjoy playing with mirrors .'
Dog world is recommended for its wonderful articles	'low price'
For personal growth , the writer is in favor of open mind new experiences	'having little interest in new things'
The best title for this passage could be A Doll Santa	'A help from Santa Claus'
What is the weakness of 3 G compared with 4 G ? Its network speeds much slower .	'Its voice is not as clear as 4 G'
What did the Burts do after hearing the doctor 's advice ? They avoided sugar completely .	'They used half a ton of sugar a week .'
Jo Shaw thinks that rhino protection needs international cooperation	'conferences about protecting rhinos are to be held every year'
Where could people get into the 4D film cinema ? In ticket hall .	'Under the London Eye .'
In Anna Craig ' s eyes , beauty is good qualities inside someone	'the beautiful things found in nature'
From the article we can see foreigners apply for Green Cards mainly to accepted trusted Chinese	'make entry and exit easier'
Most of the tales in the Grimms ' books were made up people knew write	'by some old people'
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Facing fear bravely produces courage .	'Fear is in fact not a bad thing .'
What is said about the two dead elderly women ? They lived natural life .	'They died of exhaustion after the long plane ride .'
The program leaders think the program is worth trying NOT because problems	"""they ca n't solve problems for everyone"""
The San Diego Food Bank is meant to help hungry children families	'distribute food in case of emergency'
""" Mahru "" made by KIST can do the following things EXCEPT dance human - like robots"	'stop automatically when walking'
What 's the main idea of the whole passage ? Ebola harm economies West Africa seriously without quick action .	'People in the West Africa are in great fear of the spread of Ebola virus .'
The best title of the passage can be Values We Need For Our Society	'Love & Honesty'
"Those who oppose the "" Vivo Miles "" scheme think mislead children efforts rewards"	"""it 's not easy to get more than 600 Vivos a year"""
Who is this passage most likely written for ? All kinds people	'Very angry people'
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Anger tends us harm good .	'Fear helps us to be careful about our surroundings .'
Donald decided to cheat in the maths exam because good maths	'the maths teacher did not explain the questions carefully'
According to the passage , modifying traditional songs can      help people improve memory	'help children sing better'
The passage is written to introduce new product	'comepare different ways to use solar energy'
Which of the following would Oppenheimer probably agree with ? The weather get better stop global warming .	'It is too late to stop global warming .'
Why are first ladies important in the US ? Because role models women US .	'Because they are more important than other women in the US .'
The animal in the first drawing looks happy	'has big eyes and big ears'
The shop assistant insisted that the writer should compare camera chosen others	'try the camera to see if there was anything wrong with it'
According to the author , rats fairly described Chinese Zodiac	'are kept as pets by more and more people'
Which is Holland 's largest artwork ? The Hotel Sahrai .	'New Century Global Centre'
Crossroads International is organization collect goods need	'a place to store goods donated'
What was Katherine 's problem after a few weeks with the writer ? She n't like write	"""She could n't use sign language"""
According to the passage , if you do n't like reading , you should   read funny stories	'find new interests'
Why did Patricia have a feeling of sadness ? Her parents unlikely attend concert .	'Her parents had gone to a remote country town .'
Peter is often late for school because ca n't get time morning	'he goes to school slowly'
Which of the following is TRUE ? It suddenly rained writer way home shopping .	'The writer thought the rain would last long .'
What is the hottest event in the eyes of most basketball fans in Taiwan ? HBL	'The Basketball Association'
From the passage we can find Lindsay Lohan lives unhealthy lifestyle	'sets a good example for teenagers'
What should citizens of the world ask of America ? What freedom .	'If America plans to invade their country .'
Take That will arrange to meet Pyne person	'invite Pyne to join the band'
""" Splurge food "" is allowed to be eaten when eat right stay active"	'you never eat French fries'
We can learn from the article that Cymber Larkin clear idea future career along	'shot a music video for her first single after turning 15'
What happened to the 15- year - old boy ? He played fire burned	'He watched an action film on YouTiibe .'
It can be inferred from the passage that the silver thimble precious author	'was a birthday gift Grandma had given the author'
Many children are not going to school mainly because of security problems poverty	"""parents ' distrust in schools"""
What does the author think of holidays ? They less enjoyable breaks planned advance .	"""He feels embarrassed when other people are having fun but he is n't ."""
The mom was glad she did n't give an answer at first because wanted avoid another blow son 's self - respect	'she knew her son would forget his rankings soon'
It can be inferred from the passage that a major interest of the officials of GlacierNational Parkis to limit land development around park	'establish a new park in Montana'
The children in Summer Camps may do the following EXCEPT know survive wild	'take part in arts and crafts activities'
People with low self - confidence are compared to leaves because they ca n't exercise control	"""do n't have the power to face their lives"""
What can we learn from the passage ? Text message language may affect pupils ' language skills .	'30 % of pupils often send text messages when studying .'
Why was Reese Witherspoon sad that day ? The experts advised give singing .	'Dolly Parton told her to leave the stage .'
Which is right about Vingo ? He prisoner .	'He was an old soldier going home .'
Which of the sentence is true ? There lots interesting places Hong Kong .	"""They are n't going to take photos there ."""
"The sentence "" I got a very good mark "" means I well exam ."	'I got a good way .'
The most important thing in observing birds is to look place near nest	'make a bird nest'
The letter is English	"""from Sam 's pen pal"""
According to the passage , the gunman basic skills fighting shooting	'had prejudice against the LGBT community'
How many pairs of shoes did the woman take to the shoemaker to be mended ? Some pairs shoes .	'Two pairs of shoes .'
What happened in America now according to the news ? There bicyclists America .	'Many Americans prefer short trips .'
Song Kexin admires Tang Wanru because of Tang 's optimistic attitude	'good looks'
What is the best title for the text ? The teenage brain drives different	'Teenagers make endless choices'
The son yelled in order to help father sell bananas	'get the praise of his father'
The farm workers demanded to be paid in potatoes because they believed that money might lose value	'the money could not buy potatoes'
Travis Kemp is mentioned in the text to show Chase greatly appreciated needy .	"""even old people came to celebrate Chase 's birthday ."""
In writing this passage , the writer wants to tell us to learn ways reading	'know the importance of reading'
As a whole , what 's the suitable way to comfort your friend troubled with a tragedy ? To show sorrow offer help .	'To tell your friend not to think about it any more .'
When he was a little child , he started like music	'talked a lot every day'
Many of the letters in the time capsule talked about    . people 's hopes future	'the people who lived in the town'
From the passage , technology companies aim to attract people buy products	"""improve people 's quality of life"""
From the passage , we can learn that thankful today	'time and tide    wait for no man'
"The best title   for this passage is "" Asking Good Questions"	'Discovering Dinosaurs'
What 's the purpose of the text ? To ask residents follow rules .	'To list the services offered by the Association .'
Which of the following is NOT true about the couple ? They thought English food bad .	"""They did n't take their umbrella last year ."""
Ebbesmeyer is most famous for phoning doubtful objects sea	'running a global currents research association'
What do we know about Dennis Swols ? He suffering post - war stress .	'He had been on the battlefield three times .'
We can infer from the passage new technique needs tested	'the new technique has more benefits than risks'
The website and the consumer campaigner joined to appeal curriculum financial education	'promote the connection of schools and families'
Bitcoin is new currency used online real life	"""a country 's new digital currency ."""
Why did Chloe write a letter to Rachel Ray ? Because wanted go TV station watch TV cookery show .	'Because she wanted to be one of the five teen cooks in a programme .'
What makes the social life even worse ? Telling others financial troubles .	'Cutting back the costs for lack of money .'
It 's good for children to get useful knowledge information	"""go into a chat room as they 'd like to"""
Which of the following statements best proves that Horie 's latest voyage was meaningful ? His voyage theme protecting environment .	'He was made an honorary citizen of San Francisco .'
The boy    shows way	"""does n't know the way"""
What did former American President Jimmy Carter do as a volunteer ? He helped build houses earthquake Haiti	'He helped archeologists search for ancient objects .'
The trains carry people in and out of the big cities under the ground because streets busy	'the trains have dining rooms'
"The sentence "" orphanage girls could be something "" means that orphanage girls could be popular successful"	'Miss Hong Kong'
We know from the passage that some children get mobile phones from parents friends	'some mobile phone users'
If an important email falls into the wrong collection , you can correct it changing settings	'by flagging it as low - priority'
Why did the officials lower their heads in shame according to the passage ? They n't express much better .	'They felt sorry they had driven a poor blind mouse away .'
From this passage we may know that the distinction between standing waters and flowing waters hard make	'depends on how people name the waters'
Before students are allowed to colleges , they will interviewed	'ask questions of colleges'
Some parents pay their children for doing housework because want children learn make money	'their children asked them to do so'
The author wrote this text honor Grandma	"""in celebration of Grandma 's recovery"""
In the past , deep canyons were believed to have formed due river flows millions years	'owing to the burst of artificial dams'
What is mainly talked about in the text ? A new cellphonebased tracking device -- Partout .	"""Most Japanese families ca n't afford Partout ."""
.Who is the article meant for ? Students .	'School lunch suppliers'
The writer succeeded in getting into the graduate school because of strong determination good plan make stand	"""her interest in children 's media and outstanding skills in writing interesting papers"""
From the story we can see accidents common	'some drivers are too careless'
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Nissan release drink - proof cars .	'A new odor detection system .'
Which is true ? People world sad hear Chaplin died .	"""Chaplin 's comedy was dull ."""
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Friends give success .	'Friends are currency .'
What kind of people is the passage intended for ? Parents whose children 16 .	'Children around the age of 16 .'
Schools allow ads into schools to solve financial problems	"""reduce parents ' burdens"""
"The writer enjoyed reading "" literature "" between the ages of nine and fourteen because could imagine characters books"	'he was still too young to understand other books'
When did Dou Kou begin to use a dictionary ? Before father taught learn something .	'When he wrote fairy tales .'
What of the following do participants need to bring with them ? Appropriate clothing .	'Climbing shoes .'
What 's the main idea of this passage ? It difficult tend aging parents afar .	'Harris advises on tending aging parents from afar .'
Where is the nearest parking place to Shakespeare 's Birthplace ? At Windsor Street .	'Near the Coffee House .'
Why did Fukuda remain at fifth - degree black belt for so long a time ? She suffered foolish rule .	'Her family life took up too much of her time .'
The passage is about people homes United States	'dogs and cats in American homes'
What is the main idea of this article ? How overcome culture shock .	'Why do people have culture shock .'
What can we learn about the passage ? Great changes hometown .	'People pay attention to modern life .'
According to the passage , the following are all caused by the financial crisis EXCEPT that great many college students decided continue studies	'young people have to cut down their living expenses'
What does the author think of death ? He thinks impossible avoid .	'He thinks it is the beginning of a new life .'
A cat probably opens its mouth naturally when nose straight upwards	'it is served with its favorite pills'
Why did Dr Ruvio choose to study the two groups of Israeli citizens mentioned in the passage ? They different situation terms war .	'The stresses they face are usually deadly .'
Tian Yan likes Miss Mao much	"""does n't like to tell her secret to anyone"""
The best title for this passage would be The Film Waited 50 Years Be Developed	'An Old Camera and the Beautiful Pictures In side'
What did the author remember most fondly of her train trip ? The friendly country people .	'The simple lunch served on the train .'
The whole passage is centered on the relationship between challenges ways get	'friendship and challenges'
According to the author , in order to cope with our changing world , we should become curious people 's opinions .	'try to develop more harmonious relationships with others .'
The passage is mainly about build good neighborhood relations	'how to get rid of misunderstandings with neighbors'
The passage is most probably a research report	'story for soccer players'
The mother hippos often go with their children because crocodiles may eat baby hippos	'the baby hippos are very naughty'
From the passage we know that    author comes US	"""the author 's parents live with him"""
Under which circumstance will an alert message not be sent ? A child loses way .	'A natural disaster happens .'
According to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , the emergency radio should household necessity	'be offered for free'
Which of the following statements is true ? The advantages coming variety cultures make life America color1ful .	'They always stick to their own customs and habits .'
If a child 's musical ability is not recognized child may behave badly	'the child may lose interest'
The main purpose of this passage is to inform readers truly happy	'explain to the readers what personal values are'
At the beginning , the author did n't eat in the classroom with his students because he wanted let feel free	"""did n't want to eat with them"""
The little girl asked so many questions during the first night because afraid deep darkness .	"""she did n't want to go to Germany ."""
About HFMD , which one is right ? Adults infected .	"""It 's the same as Mad Cow Disease ."""
The author 's purpose of writing the passage is to tell us never lose hope	'praise the seed for his strength'
Even in modern countries , sometimes people wear certain clothes because believe get protected bad luck illness	'they enjoy wearing such kind of clothes'
Gina and her friends all like    P.E. soccer	'English and computer games'
Which of the following is a good habit of saving time ? Never leaving today 's work tomorrow .	'Spending time chatting and playing cards .'
The old woman let her husband open her shoe box because badly ill	'it was 60 years old'
Which of the following changes people 's appetite according to the new research ? Nicotine .	'Appetite - regulating neurons .'
The reason that is given by most students who think cheating is understandable is that n't enough time complete study tasks	'they forget to look over the material'
What do we know about the research mentioned in the text ? It led James Flynn	'It was started one hundred years ago'
What 's the best title of the passage ? Do n't judge book cover	'Judge a person by his outside .'
Hill started making friends with his stepmother after she said good words	'said bad words about him'
The man who wants to spend his time with his friends , perhaps he will drink tea	'drinks'
While living in the small town Jack mentioned	'has a happier life'
56.Why does the author mention dinosaurs at the end of the passage ? Because extinction indicates future disasters	'Because they once dominated the earth'
The best title for the passage would be A year without TV	"""Do n't watch TV"""
What ' s the passage mainly about ? Giving summary movie .	'Criticizing people deserting animals .'
The writer uses Andrea 's story to show that easier make new friends due technology	'there are many kinds of ways of keeping in touch'
The nozzles in a 4D cinema can let out everything mists smells .	'the smell of water'
All of the following people work at the arts centre EXCEPT    . former teachers	'an arts therapist'
What was the attitude of the author towards the extra money in his bank account ? He wanted return right person .	"""He did n't know what to do with it ."""
Most businessmen want make lot money	'to pass exams and get good jobs'
According to Feilden 's mother , the children did n't cause any trouble while staying in the farm because beauty farm changes	'it smells fresh on the farm'
What does Chaplin comedy   depend on ? action , kind world language	'words and language'
The first sentence probably refers to China started producing environmentally friendly cars	"""China 's new cars are combinations of different green models"""
"In the passage , the writer suggests   that the word "" cool ""     may cool seems"	'can be used instead of many words'
"According to the passage , which one does NOT belong to the concept of "" superstition "" ? A word spoken never recalled ."	'You will have seven years of bad luck if you break a mirror .'
The Smiths have opened restaurant	'built a house'
Why did the woman call the fire station ? Because wanted save cat .	'Because her cat was missing .'
Why is Billy laughed at by other children ? He loves ballet .	'He always loses in boxing matches .'
What does the author mainly tell us in the passage ? Mothers girls fashionable boys .	'Daughters prefer to talk with their mums instead of dads .'
Senior citizens in the story refer to old people special cards	'those who have special cards'
"According to the passage , a "" break "" may mean a chance to get recording contract"	'meet a lot of pop - crazy teenagers'
The text calls on us to protect endangered animals	'keep animals at home'
According to the text , what does the writer usually do ? He sings songs way work .	'He repeats the words of songs .'
How did the author 's family and friends deal with him ? Treating usual person	'Regarding him as the best friend'
Which is the best place for school dropouts to go ? The Therapy Space .	'Center Stage .'
What transportation should you choose if you want to enjoy the view at night ? River taxis .	'Buses .'
The UFO looked like large plate	'a moving object'
The manager said that he was sorry because found four blacks angry	'it was wrong for him not to serve blacks'
This story mainly about persistent unusual student	'the hardship to get college degree'
What is David doing in the third picture ? He eating hot dry noodles .	'He is having mooncakes with his family'
Which of the following statements about Queen Victoria   is NOT true ? She became serious woman beloved husband died .	'She ruled Great Britain for sixty - four years .'
What should you bear in mind when playing in Aquatica ? Camera 's use limited .	"""It 's in Sea World Orlando ."""
According to Hilary Riley , a motorway will affect quality life	'cause high house prices'
The teacher was angry with student	'high officials'
What is the best title for this passage ? How make shy	'Keep trying to say something nice'
By giving the example if dinosaurs , the author tries to prove Earth could hit objects space	'what happened 65 mollion years ago was an invented story .'
Why did n't Dawn want to have a look at first ? Because n't think people would leave dog cold day .	'Because she thought Danny lied .'
What is the writer 's main purpose in writing this passage ? To tell readers present got father .	'To let people know how poor he was .'
When the author volunteered at a local hospital , she spent time taking care man coma	"""became friends with Mr. Gillespie 's visitors"""
What should you do at the hotel in order to live a low - carbon life ? Bring leftover soap later use .	'Use different towels every day .'
We can infer from the passage that old take exercise	'the old should face the fact of aging'
What 's the best title for the passage ? How Make Friends	'Friends should Help Each Other'
If you can destroy a supertank , missile or flying saucer , you will get many points	'an ordinary tank'
"The sentence "" Sometimes he seemed to break them apart and throw the pieces in our faces "" means things pictures seem disorder"	'he broke something he was painting and threw them away'
One father and his son only eat instant noodles because father ca n't cook .	"""there are n't any vegetables in the desert ."""
"According to Bambrough , "" texting lane "" attract students ' attention"	'students enjoy looking at each other'
What did Paul do with the money ? He took money away .	'He sent the money to the bank .'
The two attractive young women were talking so as to heard people around	'decide on buying the sweater'
A third and half of all common colds are caused by virus hits people 's nose	'the cold weather in the winter'
.. Rainforests can help to adjust the climate because they reduce effect heat sun earth	'bring about high rainfall throughout the world'
The purpose of the program is to help students live full life school	'have more free time'
How to Become a Straight - A student mainly conveys the message that techniques learning	'anyone can be a college student'
What does Alice often do on Saturday ? She often sings art school .	'She often has a rest at home .'
What is going to take place on 2 February , 2013 ? A big event welcome Chinese new year .	'A meeting of Kwun Tong High School students .'
Who threw a shoe at the car ? A small boy	'A young man'
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Lily full - time teacher college .	'They have been friends for two years .'
It can be inferred from the text that the Canadian government supports protection different cultures	'the plan of an open - air market'
If you feel doubtful about a stranger who knocks at the door , you should call Front Desk make sure	"""open the door to check the person 's ID card"""
The author 's purpose for writing this passage is to present report new research	'encourage elderly women to take potassium'
The news business depends on    software developers	'the newspaper sellers'
Who strewed the grains over the ground ? The hunter .	'The pigeon .'
Before the family moved to the new area , the son was taken to his new school to get know	'invite the teachers to visit them'
This passage is mainly about scientific invention new kind bacteria battery	'how to change sugar into electricity'
Where can we most probably find this passage ? In travel booklet	'In a book on Shakespeare'
What can we learn from Lynn 's story ? Encouragement makes difference .	'Honesty is the best policy .'
What equipment aided the sailors in locating relatively more accurately ? Charts , compasses astrolabes .	'A variety of new vessels .'
Most people liked to buy books in the shop because books good people	'all the books were nice cookbooks'
"According to the passage the phrase "" red tape "" refers to conflict people power weaker people"	'a situation where poor members of society are hurt'
The four women passengers friendly even strangers	'helped the author onto the bus'
Why did Jeremy Lin have so many followers in Asia on Sina , China 's version of Twitter ? Maybe first player born America Chinese descent .	'com since Feb. 4 are all Lin or Knicks related .'
During the two weeks on the beach , Tom showed more love to his wife because determined good husband	'the doctor said his wife was seriously ill'
Mrs. Bates has an old car passage n't tell us	'because she likes old cars'
"From the passage , we can learn the word "" canyon "" is from Spanish"	'American dialect'
Because of the inventions like the railroad , telegraph and type writer , people could enjoy life comfortably conveniently	'make their dreams of a better life and a better world come true'
Why did he rush to the door when he heard the bell ring the second time ? He wanted find visitor .	'He wanted to open the door for the visitor'
What is the best title of the passage ? Letting Go - Children 's Independent Life	"""Parents ' Tasks - in Children 's Development"""
Which of the following is right ? Your dress must neat	'All people can go to Roller Bar .'
According to the passage , the Tarahumaras good running	'need running shoes'
Mike was surprised to see teacher really gave test	'the test was too hard for him'
Who will most probably find the passage useful ? parents children	'children who love to surf the Internet'
According to the passage , how can the meaning of your life be realized ? Learning lessons presented .	'Taking the distinct path from others .'
It was not easy to find the books mainly because translations UK	"""the writers did n't want to publish their books"""
According to the passage , big cities    always clean safe enough	'are not exciting places to live'
"From the passage we can infer that the slang phrase""Kick the Bucket""---- . something pigs"	'is the oldest in meaning among all the English slang words or phrases'
What caused Mattie to start writing poetry ? The death brother .	'The message of world peace .'
The best way to buy an eye cream is by reading reviews first	'surfing the Internet for the best eye cream'
Why was Lee glad he wore a tie - dyed shirt ? It helped people locate easily .	"""The shirt was a favorite of Laura 's ."""
We can learn from the passage that through the event the campers gain confidence	'set right goals'
Which is the best food for soil in the field ? Animals ' waste .	'Plants and grass .'
According to the passage , we feel tired at work probably because n't good breakfast	"""our brains do n't work any longer"""
Which of the following is TRUE about Captain Nicholls ? He 's man word .	"""He does n't win Joey 's trust ."""
Up to a point , their success is due to hi - tech experimental facilities	'little interest in their regular school work'
What are the tobacco companies ii1 the United States and Australia fighting against ? The requirements print new warning labels products .	'The ways to make the companies close their business .'
According to Fox News , Bobbi Kristina is within inch life	'left aside by her family'
What had the author planned to do during the flight ? Reading .	'Helping others .'
What does Laura usually do after coming back from work ? Take good rest children .	'Take children from school .'
Which of the following sentences is TRUE ? Some parts plants may make people feel better .	'All the plants can be made into medicine .'
What does the author think of her mother 's English now ? It helps understand world .	'It helps her tolerate rude people .'
Some times we know the first sentence is not the topic sentence because seem give us enough new information	'it does not make complete sentence'
After reading this passage , we know hippo tried something nature .	'the bird thought he was luckier than the hippo'
During the snowstorms this year , Long Chuan walk carry drinking water	"""could n't play with snow"""
What do we know about Susan ? She share trouble life .	'She lived a very happy life with her family .'
We can infer from the passage that running light could help author get home earlier	"""the author 's wife was angry because he got home late"""
It 's very nice for this school to have playground	'students'
Why does Chris tell the story to his friends ? He wants help friends .	'His friends like listening to stories .'
Why do some students hate exams according to the passage ? Because n't enough self - confidence .	'Because preparing for exams takes up most of their time .'
What does the author do ? She teacher .	'She is a computer engineer .'
In the text , Lecturer Namate expressed his concern about environmental problems Barotse Plains	'the future of the Barotse Plains'
The author stared at the wall in front because she      . thought father seeing title	'knew nothing about her father'
Charles Schumer suggests that the new peanut butter should be children 's reach	'eaten by children for generations'
Why did Obama run for president ? He thought supposed help every American child happiness fulfillment .	'He wanted to set a good example to his daughters .'
What 's the best title of the passage ? Roosevelt 's Death Makes Truman President	'Truman Makes His Decisions'
If a person stays in a modern hotel with the latest comforts for a night, pay lot money	'he will have to spend all the money he has in the bank'
We can learn from the passage that the man took advantage flaw pot	"""did n't like his broken pot"""
What did the man do after the little girl left her home ? He would call showed love .	'He left his home and went into the world .'
"Owens got his other name""Jesse""when "" for""Jesse """	'he won gold medals in the Big Ten meet'
When Lord Hunt saw the results of the explosion , shocked upset	'he went inside to check the house for damage'
We can infer from the passage that film popular among teenagers	'people often celebrate their growth with a ceremony'
According to the passage , the ACC sends warning messages advance	'deals with obvious warning situations'
If we say someone has to tighten his belt , we probably mean he    used live rich life	'has put on the wrong pants'
Which of the following measures on plastic bags is NOT mentioned in the passage ? To make environmentally friendly .	'to charge fee for plastic bags .'
Mrs. Black began to write down how much her husband had given her By end June	'On Friday evening'
To be a professional language volunteer , you have to reach the semi - final	'application period'
In Mike 's opinion , he lost touch with his friend mainly because could n't use email keep touch	'they lost interest in keeping in touch'
If the rating slips below 12 , NBC will advertising nothing	'never cover the Olympics'
According to Reilly , parents should make a telephone to the study members when children symptom stuttering	'their children were rude to other people'
What can we learn about the writer ? She used ride bike without lights night .	'She often biked the wrong way down a one way street .'
What did Gallaudet College mean to Craig ? His whole world .	'His working place .'
""" You 're yellow to fight . "" means ""   You dare fight"	"""You 're afraid to see a fight"""
From the passage we learn that all students interested website	'are eating little bad food'
Why do some people like to live in the city ? Because interesting live .	'Because there are many cars and buses .'
Many people crowded the terminal because flights Northeast canceled	"""the gate agent would n't help the passengers"""
The success of Millennium mainly relies on whether people enjoy life	'whether it is safe for people to live in'
Which of thefollowing statements is true accordingtothepassage ? Check thetime duringtheexam certain time .	'Your concentration will improveifyoustudyand watch TV atthesame time .'
The majority of Ugandan children have to go well river often carry long distance	'collect water on the way home from school'
If eight children`s father couldn`t afford the tickets to the circus , would feel sad sorry	'the children wouldn`t forgive their father'
Why did the writer think scientific research to be one of the best things ? You may continue something different exciting , never tired scientific research .	'You will be able to win the Nobel Prize through the scientific research'
If you have fair - weather friends , refused get trouble	'you can be sure that you get real friends'
The scares can represent old man given love many people	'represent how hard the old man has lived'
.   Which of the following is TRUE according to the article ? Local pubs seriously affected gastropubs .	'British people do not go to pubs as often as before .'
What do we learn about the book from the text ? It pages several functions .	'It can treat about 100 liters of water .'
From the passage , we know the discovery of LSD wrongly used	"""could change mankind 's place in nature"""
Why is Venice still getting lower and lower ? Because rising temperature made ice melt .	'Because the underground water is rising .'
Meals can be served rooms 9:00 p. m.	'outside the room at 3:00 p. m.
It can be inferred from the passage that The local government deal problem lacking money means .	'If some tragedies occur again 
The author called Tommy 's parents in order to help realize influence Tommy	'blame Tommy for his failing grades
It can be inferred from the passage that writer willing use idioms	'idioms are the most important part in a language
What was the writer 's problem when she studied in the boarding school at first ? She missed family much .	"""She did n't like her new school ."
Who were killed on February 5 in a small town near Johannesburg ? Chen Jianqing one partners	'Chen Jianqing and her husband
According to the writer , which of the following statements is true ? Soccer popular world , truly great players .	'Millions of people all over the world are playing soccer 
What 's the title of the passage ? Five children died kindergarten bus accident .	'A bus accident in Deng zhou .
What was NOT the effect of the Revolution ? The king tried control national parliament .	"'July 14 has become the French National Day .', ""Louis 's wife "
What can we infer from the passage ? Wang Jinbi wants transform hukou back , wants make living hometown .	'Sun Yukun had to change his residence status for he liked Beijing .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Poverty family problems contribute child begging	'Premier Wen Jiabao chatted with Yu Jianrong online .
According to the author , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Fighting back tears may cause health problems .	'Crying is the best way to get help from others .
According to the survey , choosing food related Asian - American 's situation	'Asia - Americans care less about their health .
The purpose of Connected to the Future is to make America get ahead digital learning	'make all the schools teach with digital technology
When and where did the writer first meet Frank ? In air - raid shelter war .	"""In Mrs West 's house in 1941 ."
To deal with an e - mail you get , you can do the following EXCEPT downloading every e - mail reply	"""responding right away if it 's urgent"
One reason that many colleges adopt the website is to     encourage students seek advice depression	'provide their students with campus information
The purpose of the author in writing this passage is to give us advice keep brain healthy	'inform us how the brain works
Which of the following statements is WRONG according to the passage ? All Oceans world polluted oil .	'The water body of the earth will be dead by the year 2010 without any effective measure .
What 's the writer 's attitude    towards digital footprint ? We use names online .	'We should not get online at all .
Which of the following is NOT true in the traditional marriage ? The woman made decisions .	'Men worked at a job to earn money for the family .
According to the passage , we can learn that winning honor caused Lesley worry	'Ros lost weight after she got married
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Dad thought one outsider cut flowers stems .	'No one knew what my sister had done with the carnations .
According to the survey , many Chinese people surveyed feel old before they are 60 years old	'50 year old
Why can not Cotton kick the ball into goalmouth ? far away	'because Steven jumps and just stops the ball with the side of his head
We can infer that Ana 's purpose for writing to Liz was to seek advice make boss know wants position	"'tell Liz that her boss is looking for a new job', ""ask Liz if she has the ability to take her boss 's position"
From the passage , we learn that the author quite free know befriend old people childhood	'used to have the same experience as the young have today
We can learn that in the writer 's opinion , taking notes important tests	"'taking notes is an easy thing', ""teachers should n't provide information before tests"
On one 's birthday , before blowing out the candles , he or she will make wish	'invite friends
From the passage we can know that people world realize urgency task	'environmental protection is indeed a demanding task to our government
When back at home , what is the writer most worried about ? Whether Katerina adapt school life .	'How Steven can get along well with Katerina .
Which of the following is WRONG ? The trains carry people .	'There are dining rooms in trains .
Which of the following is NOT true for British students ? They like tell scores	'They have exams once a year .
What is the best title for the text ? Jobs Stage Introduce iPad 2	'iPad 2 Better than the Original
According to Lao Lang , we can know that folk song , always story , belongs popular music	'folk songs can help amateur singers become famous easily
It can be concluded from the results of the studies in 2009 and 2014 that solid evidence inadequate prove colors affect us	"""a larger study may help confirm colors ' effects on our behaviors"
We can conclude from the passage that cloning makes possible preserve endangered species .	'no more animals will die out in the future .
According to John Barrett , what is the key to attracting more U.S. families to broadband service ? applying Internet entertainment	'making the Internet look more similar to TV set
The author could n't practice driving with her mother because mother made nervous	"""she could n't talk with her mother"
If your child has grown up , you may take the child 's things to Children 's Home Children 's Hospice	"""Youth Club and Children 's Home"
What might be the best title for this passage ? A Walk Day Keeps Doctors away	'Long Life Comes from Walking
A sound system of law enforcement is necessary because poorly enforced laws cause crime violence .	'some citizens fear or hate the law .
Once a man had boy girl	'a good - looking boy
"In what way is "" Google 's machine translation "" different from previous ones ? International official papers programmed major sources ."	'Linguists guide the computer translation on Google .
"According to the passage , if you go to a "" going out of business""sale , you will find cheated owner"	'the goods worth the prices
The passage tells us that New York first city world electric lights	"""Edison did n't like to study at school"
The author returned to the car for car - sick pills because kids needed windiest trip ahead	'seeing the doorman made her sick
From this selection we know that cats take naps add regular sleep	'have occasional sleep as well as naps every day
Which is the best title for this passage ? It 's Time Protect Chinese Language	'English Is Very Import in China
What conclusion can be drawn after reading the passage ? The father actually kind son .	'The father treats his son in an unfair way .
What would be the best title for the passage ? ks5u Old people 's life China	"'How to respect old people', ""Old people 's problem"
From the passage we can know that the author almost fined    police	'could drive as fast as 60 mph at most
Which of the following is true about Westlake College ? It old college America .	'All teachers use computers .
Why does the Sesame Street Workshop have more fun than others ? Because great sound effects animation .	'Because children can mail letters to their favorite characters .
The main topic of the text is origin development standard English used nowadays .	'the difference between standard English and non - standard English .
The best title of the passage is taking nap day	'the advantages of deep sleep
We can conclude from the passage that noise serious problem	"""rock music is n't noise"
The passage mainly talks about history early flight attendants	'the background of early flying pilots
63 . The article is about importance play	'the relationship between play and work
What is mainly talked about in the passage ? Mo Yan 2012 Nobel Prize Literature .	"'Mo Yan has written many famous books .', ""Mo Yan 's stories have been translated into foreign languages ."
Why is Lacobelli elected the president of the Ugly Club every year ? Because members ' trust admiration .	'Because he is the ugliest person in the whole world .
What problem does Microsoft have now ? Lots users refuse switch XP Windows 8 .	'Windows XP is out of date and needs improvement .
Why was Ronald Hoffman awarded the 1981 Nobel Prize for chemistry ? He succeeded applying computer science chemistry research .	'He established rules to predict chemical reactions .
All of the following statements are true except    The UK higher education industry stands among top five export earners England .	"""Internet - users do n't need to get credit for the courses ."
Why did the author like Cowboy so much in spite of its ugliness ? Because sad lonely needed companion .	'Because she loved horses more than anything else .
The purpose of this passage is explain people act emergencies	'to explain why people fail to act in emergencies
Who do you think is clever in the story ? Jane .	"'Mrs John and the guests .', ""The woman 's son ."
According to the author , traditional yearbook My Yearbook.com OK	'the traditional yearbooks are out of date
Why was Harriet called Moses just like Moses in the Bible ? She devoted life helping slaves escape .	'She became an expert at hiding from slave hunters .
Which of the following about the competition is TRUE ? The winner must build best machine .	'11 high schools took part in it .
One important difference between an infotainment and ordinary TV news program is that it use actors play role	'shows the photos of real criminals
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? The Titanic world 's largest ship time .	"'1 ', "" 500 people died on Titanic 's maiden voyage in 1912 ."
The writer still remember the story many years later boy sister	'because the little girl had a very strange disease
We can learn from the passage that author 's daughter thankful author 's strict discipline	"""the naughty boy 's mother hit him"
According to the passage , results air - cleaning device expectable	'the Beijing government has agreed to use the technology in Beijing
The best title for the passage is Special camps	'Traditional camps
What would be the best title of the passage ? Morally right ?	'A debate about new laws
""" Regenerative braking "" is an important process of the hybrid car because produces energy charge battery"	'it allows the car to come to a quick stop
Why is June 6 . 1990 a special day for Mommy ? Her female line well linked .	'Her dream of being a mother came true .
"By saying "" Birds taught man "" , what did Lucretius mean ? Humans learned something beautiful sounds many animals ."	'People teach rhythm 
What is the purpose of the passage ? To tell us technology changing world .	'To help us study some new technology .
What difficulty did Deanna meet after starting the trip with Ted ? Getting early .	'Getting free meals in restaurant .
By visiting the website you can learn more information about Blue Ridge Folklike Festival	'Boones Mill Apple Festival
Women tend to go up the floor until they reach the top floor because think even better husbands may upstairs	'they think the husbands downstairs are not suitable
What did the Economic Mobility Project find in its research ? The rags riches story fiction reality .	'Children from low - income families are unable to bootstrap their way to the top .
Why did Mr. Baker want to see the $ 2.00 model first ? Because wanted pay less money hearing aid .	'Because he thought all the hearing aids were the same .
Why did O'Brien develop his own mnemonics ? To win money playing cards .	'To become a world memory champion
Which of the following sentences is not right ? You throw hands	"""You must put the ball into the other side 's basket to score ."
The Universal Postal Union was formed help move mail quickly around world	'to help men meet in Switzerland
Who helped to create the American version of Pizza ? Raffaele Esposito Margherita .	'Maria Carolina and Ernest Hamwi .
All through his life , Van Gogh recognized people	'worked hard on art studies
We can infer ( ; ) from the passage that writer missed father much death	"""there were always a lot of people in the writer 's house"
From this passage we can see that Ann 1essons	"""Ann does n't 1ike playing the violin"
If we want to access more foreign countries and regions with better voice quality , we'd better choose_IP card . China Mobile 's	"""China Unicom 's"
Which of the following would be author agree with ? Economic conditions major cause crime	'Most prisoners do not deserve to be in prison
What is the impact from Apophis if it hits the earth ? It might worst damage caused asteroids recorded history .	'Thousands of square kilometers would see the effects of the dust released into the atmosphere .
What can be inferred according to the passage ? The dispute China Japan put U.S. dilemma .	'The claim from both sides has become more insistent .
"What do we know about the phrase "" your two cents "" ? It usually used end statement ."	"'It comes from "" a penny for your thoughts "" ."
The main idea of the passage is that progress n't always bring improvement	'modern medicine has made our lives better in some ways
According to the news report , the aim of the summit in Londonis mainly to seek solutions world economic crisis	'build up new regulatory systems in each country
"If a person calls""Rule 240"",he wants to get ticket next flight"	'know if other flights are also delayed
"Which of the following is not true according to the passage ? "" Inspiration Mars ' would voyage around 800 million miles around Mars 501 days , """	"'It will take private donors about $ 300 million for the mission according to "" Inspiration Mars \' ."
What can be learnt from the passage ? Parents ' hope children 's career change much .	"'Parents pay much attention to the income of their children .', ""Less than half of the parents who were surveyed did n't follow their dreams ."
In their teacher 's eyes , why did they have so much stress ? Because cared much things important .	'Because they knew about life itself and enjoyed it .
Mr Wang paid for a new school . Some people did n't like the design of the school but they did n't argue with Mr Wang because pays piper calls tune	'once bitten 
Which brain is the most developed ? The human brain .	'The largest brain .
If you want to get prize , please buy packet splash .	'you should buy 500
In most US universities , excellent students graduate ahead time	"'college students are offered the co - op program', ""electives ' credits make up one quarter of the required credits"
What method did Andrew Howell and his colleagues use in the study ? Collecting information .	'Observing people .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Universities home abroad sponsored    plan .	"'If the project is completed ', "" the world 's longest tunnel will appear ."
Which of the following is right ? Children usually eat watching TV .	'Children usually eat fewer while watching TV .
"According to the text , how is "" my "" English ? I master I ca n't use correctly ."	'I am good at English .
What could be the best title of the passage ? Always Follow Principles Life	'A Smart Girl Has All Solutions
The boy visited the wise man for getting secret happiness	'helping the wise man carry the oil
Gillian Swan developed Square Eyes deal childhood obesity .	'to gain enough TV time
Which of the following is WRONG ? Li Hong much pocket money .	'Li Hong is very hard - working .
In this passage , the writer suggests that legal controls tourism Antarctic	'people had better not make a tour of the Antarctic
Which of the following is NOT true except the fact that Miley 's 54-date North American concert tour successful .	"'Miley began to act at the age of 12 .', ""Miley 's show "
According tothe laws in some countries , computer companies must collect recycle products	'repair and upgrade old computers
The text is mainly about    human activity affects water supply	'Why paving roads reduces our water
From this passage , we can know that parents try best keep away spanking children	'good children always do the right thing
Linda Waite 's studies support the idea that Marriage help make ill health	'older men should quit smoking to stay healthy
David Trezequet lost the game to Italy in 2006 World Cup Germany	'the European Cup
the writer develop the article mainly by     giving examples	'following the time order
The study Marc Turner did is different from those of many other   scientists in that grew   artificial blood using human stem cells	'he was able   to discover the special function of type O- blood
According to the passage , the competition aims help poor children throughout world	'is a global painting Olympic for students worldwide
What kind of people live a difficult life ? Those lead dog 's life .	'Those who have the dog days .
Which of the following statements about the Dubai Tower is TRUE according the passage ? The Dubai Tower apartments shopping mall .	'The Dubai Tower is 508 meters tall and has more than 141 storeys .
Which of the following moved the author ? The homeless man bought food dog money	"""Most people walking by the dog did n't notice her"
When she was over fifty , the late 19th century mother unlikely find job even likely	'would expect to work until she died
According to the passage , we can learn that old couple got divorced last	"""the wife 's favorite food was the drumsticks"
.We can conclude according to the passage that writer worried inflation	'the writer encourages people to spend money
By writing the passage , the author tries to show try rely everything	'we can do nothing without money
When the writer did n't like the food his grandma cooked when he was growing up , eat go without	'his grandma would buy him fast food
After hundreds of people sent money to help him , Huang Ge decided thank everyone helped	"'Huang Ge decided to ask for more', ""Huang Ge 's story went on TV"
Which of the following would be the best title of the passage ? How make homework less work	'Why students should do homework
Which of the following serves as the best title for the story ? A Teacher 's Touch	"""Ms. Hunter 's Surprise"
Which of the following sentences is TRUE ? The third pedestrian kind - hearted driver would n't think .	'The driver slept well in his car .
According to Prof . Seashore , recognition words become active ones	"'one has at least 80', '000 recognition words', ""one 's recognition vocabulary includes active words and non -- active ones"
Where will you sit if you want to fly in the balloon ? Inside basket	'On top of the balloon
Which of the following sentences is NOT true ? In old days , people often ate dumplings poor .	'Most of the Chinese like dumplings very much .
Which of the following is NOT true ? If people hold cup longer time , pay less .	"'Many businessmen use this""touch "" way to sell their things ."
What is the passage mainly about ? Harmony family .	'Negotiation in family .
What is the passage mainly about ? Express gratitude loved ones words .	'In this life 
"How can people know that there is a plante round Barnard 's Star ? Sometimes see planet pulls star one side makes move slower 
 ."	'The planet is shining .
"Why did the author 's   mom always say "" Poor Tiffany "" ? She thought Tiffany spoiled mother ."	'She felt sorry for Tiffany because Tiffany was poor .
Bedtime Math is an iPad app that encourages children together parents solve math story problems	"'requires parents and children to answer reading comprehension questions', ""assesses children 's math achievement and parents ' nervousness with math"
Which of the following ways to stop smoking is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Offering money help people stop smoking .	'Setting smoke - free areas .
"The new "" wellness""policy is declared in order to reduce child overweight caused bake food"	'help schools out of budget difficulties
According to the passage , such animals as deer , wolves and bears clean themselves by replacing skin fur naturally	'living with parasites
Those who feed pets on raw should do some necessary cleaning when preparing raw meat pets	'touching the food containers
The situation at the moment is that school 's fame important , long child certificate .	'many children who are suitable for a job have no proof of their suitability
What is the passage mainly about ? Smell influence .	'Sense ability and food tastes .
What is the best title of the passage ? Love money ?	'Material wealth can guarantee happiness
According to the text , which of the following has the longest history ? San Francisco 's Chinatown .	"""London 's Chinatown ."
The author stopped his work immediately because he decided drive home fishing tools take old man fishing	'needed to go and buy a big bobber and some worms he needed
Which of the following is true ? There rumors Myanmar turned US relief aid .	'The US relief aid was turned down at first and then accepted .
What can be inferred from the article ? It urgent government take action .	'Residential energy use should be stopped .
What can we infer from the passage ? Tom finally got forgiveness Carrie .	"""Carrie blamed herself too much for Tom ' death ."
What can be inferred from the talk between the father and the son ? Josh felt quite good independence .	'Josh appreciated his parents 
What can be the best title for this passage ? The world 's oldest message floating bottle .	'The finding of a floating bottle at the sea .
Maria likes to buy food in supermarkets	'small shops
Why did Siwosz want to leave her homeland for America ? She wanted play tennis good education .	'Poland had no culture of sports .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Each time smile someone first time , buy ice cream .	"'People can understand you better when they know you are shy .', ""Most people do n't like to talk to those people with angry faces ."
Which of the following statements is true ? If job performed differently , payment job different .	'In every company only the Accounts Department is involved in the management of wages and salaries .
How old   is Jack ? Sorry , I n't know .	"""He 's not twelve ."
For Owen , his greatest achievement in New Lanark was providing children good education	"""improving worker 's houses"
Which of the following is TRUE ? New Yorkers n't pay use library .	"'The library has grass and trees in it .', ""Famous writers do n't have to pay to use the library ."
Which statement is true according to the passage ? We join birdwatching group learn beginning skills .	'If we are just starting birdwatching 
Why did the government set some rules for the films shown in Spain ? To limit number foreign movies .	'To protect foreign culture in Spain .
What did Michael Landsberry do in the shooting ? He tried persuade shooter put gun .	'He killed the shooter .
Why is the man from the country eager to have access to the law continuously ? Because anxious explore nature law .	'Because no one can gain entry into the law except him .
The purpose of the article is to tell enjoy water skiing properly safely	'tell people 
According to the Poll , most people in America believe God contributed present form human beings	'human beings have developed from less advanced forms of life
What do we know about the dog ? The dog pups danger dying hunger .	'The author wanted to help the dog 
Environment clubs ask students To bring lunches bags used	'to run to school every day
What can we learn from the first sentence of the passage ? There many people sleeping problems .	"""It 's not good to fail to fall asleep at night ."
The main purpose of this passage is to advertise certain product	'advise men to do more cleaning housework
In Japan 's preschool education , the focus is on shaping children 's character	"'preparing children academically', 'teaching children mathematics', ""developing children 's artistic interests"
According to the passage communication between human beings would not be smoother unless people considerate towards	'people were not so tired and quick - tempered
Where and when can you hear the Mike Thomas Jazz Band ? At Derby Arms Friday .	'At the Derby Arms on Sunday .
What made Anna decide to take her parents to court ? The pictures sitting toilet .	"""Her parents ' attitude towards her request ."
What is the best title of the passage ? Taste Airplane Food	'Scientific Research on Noses
What can the Tile app help you ? To find missing items	"'To use your phone more wisely', ""To save your phone 's power"
What made Dr. Smoller feel strange about Jim 's case ? Jim 's death closely connected father 's .	'Jim died at a young age .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The advantages disadvantages commuting students .	'The relationship between commuting students and classmates
""" A Decade of Backpacking "" was considered a milestone because stimulated Chinese craze travel writing"	'its author was born in the late 1970s and 1980s
The oceans are polluted by garbage , sewage medical waste .	'Boston 
How was Lexi in the accident ? She unable feel anything .	'She had a small cut on her head .
It can be inferred from the passage that lowering world 's temperature little would lead agricultural disasters	"""raising the world 's temperature a little would not do much harm to life on earth"
What 's the best title    for the passage ? International Day	'Dancing Day
The Dyson cleaner was invented with the purpose of helping people use cleaners easily	'making Dyson a rich businessman
"What does the title "" Taxes , Taxes , and More Taxes "" imply ? Americans satisfied three types taxes ."	'The three levels of government do not use the taxes in a right way .
The first and last scenic spots he visited in Xi'an are Terracotta Warriors Great Mosque	'the Terracotta Warriors and Shanxi Provincial Museum
In this passage the author argues that mote evidence shows college education may best thing high school graduates	'college education is not enough if one wants to be successful
The most interesting thing to those who are sailing down the Rhine River on a pleasure boat is see beautiful scene along banks hillsides	'to watch many boats going up and down the river
The reason why we should use different kinds of plants to clean the air is that plants absorb kinds harmful indoor chemicals	'plants can let out all kinds of pollutants indoors
What is the best title for this passage ? An Opera Star	'Opera Singing and Pop Singing
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Celebrating mother 's 90th birthday	"'Unexpected long life', ""My mother 's tough life"
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Economic growth environmental damage .	'Pollution caused by plant construction .
"By "" protecting their children from the knowledge that they have failed "" , the writer means that most parents try their best keep children realizing failed"	"""to let their children know that they wo n't fail"
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? A college freshman careful choosing credit card .	'Students should take a lesson about how to use a credit card wisely .
What made the author feel fortunate ? There need Rhubarb bark .	'Rhubarb scared the robber away .
Why was the author fascinated by cars ? Because read exotic things cars brother 's magazines .	'Because other small boys liked to own a car of their own 
The writer made this game to make children chores	'do less chores
Why is sex education mentioned in the passage ? To show sometimes mothers different opinions .	'To suggest children are sometimes curious about it .
According to Balcombe , learning how animals live and think can help people care animals	'teach animals to use words
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Homeless Teen Graduates Speaker High School Class	'How Does a Homeless Student Live in Society ?
What can be inferred from the passage ? The girl determined go golden house beginning .	'The girl had no idea where she was heading after leaving home .
According to the passage , which of the following are true EXCEPT depression destroy people 's immune system social capabilities	'people with depression are more likely to commit suicide .
What is the article mainly about ? How Washington recovering brain .	"""Washington 's friendship with his friends ."
People can easily get information and advice about flood any time of the day from Floodline 0845 988 1188	'automatic messaging system
The advantages of fireworks can be seen below EXCEPT that debris fireworks even find way water	'the special sounds of fireworks excite people
Who found the fish firstly ? John .	"""John 's mother ."
What can we infer from the report in the passage ? Bearing second child affects women 's career degree .	'All the women surveyed in the passage are married .
From the passage we can learn that discovery Earth - like planet could happen near future	"'an Earth - like planet has been found', ""it 's been proved we are not alone in the universe"
The best title for this passage is An Amazing Gift	'My Favorite 
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the text ? The Merriam - webster Collegiate Dictionary becomes best - seller 100 new words added .	'New words and phrases were introduced into the dictionary have close relationship with the time .
What is the purpose of the text ? To introduce new film reader .	"""To discus the Americans ' ideas about the President ."
What is the USDA in the passage ? An office US government .	'A group of doctors in the US .
Which of the following titles goes with the text ? Global warming : The causes	'A Rising Population
What is unique about ClearPath ? It helps drivers know road conditions ahead time .	'It can use a lot of information all over the world .
Which is not true ? He repaired watches evenings fun	'He enjoyed repairing watches and machines when he was very young .
What kinds of parents can be regarded as praise junkies ? Those praise children much .	'Those who seldom praise their children .
From the passage we can conclude that icebergs can preserve ocean life	'create a warm polar environment
It can be inferred from the passage that number competitions whose winners awarded extra credits smaller	"'high school students with talent in sports are weak in academic performance', ""students who win awards in Olympic competitions ca n't get extra credits in 2011"
According to the article , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Both cats dogs human 's good partners .	'Both cats and dogs need walking and attention .
What can be the best title of the passage ? Face Your Challenges Bravely	'How to Avoid Problems
Which is NOT the benefit of the new tobacco control law ? Getting wonderful gifts International Children 's Day .	'Giving smokers in Beijing a 1esson
What would be the best title of the passage ? The first face transplant	'A successful face operation
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? You need tell coach feel tired .	'Sports drinks are good for you with no harm .
What is NOT the reason why their music can endure ? They wore special suits .	'They were the first rock band .
Which place may be London 's most visited tourist spot ? Big Ben	'The Tower of London
What 's the function of the paintbrush ? To write message onto white paper .	"'To allow the "" ink "" to appear ."
According to the passage , we can infer that girls watched movie remained anxious	'it is easy for girls to solve math problems
Which of these sentences do you think is RIGHT ? Deaf people speak fingers .	"'Deaf people draw signs', ""Deaf people ca n't use their fingers ."
On the whole , the article tells about starting rebuild earthquake - hit areas	'how to build houses in the earthquake - hit areas
Which of the following is true of Nick White ? He trapped lift 41 hours .	"'He discussed lift anxiety with Dr. Lee Gray .', ""He was a scientist studying people 's lift behaviors ."
"Thailand was once called "" Land of the White Elephant "" because white elephant national symbol 1920s"	'white elephant is rarely seen and thus very special
For high school students it 's very important to choose proper university	'study at American universities
The old woman asked for something to eat , none three rich ladies gave anything	'but only one of the three ladies gave her half a cake
What can we know from the note Bellis attached to his camera ? The camera n't missing one .	'The roll of film had been used up .
Traditionally , people usually thought that women concerned greatly wore men n't	'men cared very much for clothes
What can we conclude from the passage ? In USA , demand oil 2010 low 2004 .	'In USA 
We can infer that the author makes mental preparations beforehand focus work quickly	'is tired of interruptions in life because he always has much work
The author describes Mr. Jaggers as having ' large , very clean white hands ' in order to show Pip recalls Mr Jaggers	"'provide a description of Mr. Jaggers to the readers only', ""indicate that Mr. Jaggers remains indoors a lot and does n't get much sun"
Why is it harder to apply for Hong Kong 's schools ? More kids mainland studying .	'More Hong Kong parents move to mainland .
Mrs Fong and her family were not injured because found house shaking rushed children	'her husband had gone to work before the storm came
Which building is the highest existing building ? Burj Khalifa Dubai .	'Kingdom Tower in Jeddah .
The author might support that truth image equally important	'image is the basis of everything
Why did Disney make Donald Duck ? Because things Mickey could	'Because Mickey Mouse was very lonely
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Parents use technology stay touch children .	'Many children are very crazy about the online games .
Many teachers and parents are worried about their children because 	"""the students do n't work so hard as before"
What can we learn from the passage ? Baseball , football basketball popular sports America .	'Different classes have different cultures .
It is suggested in this passage that close relation usually similar intelligence	'unrelated people are not likely to have different intelligence
The reading passage is a story mainly about Abraham Lincoln	'four lawyers
"The policemen were told "" to look the other way "" so that Rolls 's car could go faster four miles hour"	'they could watch the car coming from the other direction
What is the theme of the Shanghai World Expo ? Better City , Better Life .	'Shanghai 
Many Americans prefer basketball to football because played indoors throughout winter	'NBA games are very popular
Which statement is TRUE according to the passage ? The Intel Science Talent Search intense competition .	'Scott Boisvert found a new fungus linked to the decease in amphibians .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? How make small business successful .	'The analysis of a Chinese company .
It was an honor for the hospital to take care of Ms. Baines because respectable lady	"""she was a relative of the hospital 's leader"
If you get a flu vaccine , body develop antibodies	"""it ca n't stop you from getting the flu virus"
In Albuquerque , high school students organized a dinner to let people learn Buy Nothing Day	'help poor people
Which of the following statements does NOT agree with the passage ? Imperial College business school .	'Imperial College offers good salary .
What does Li Ping want to know ? He wants know something English people .	"""He wants to know the girl 's name ."
What are Chinese tourists encouraged to do ? Respect local customs wherever travel .	'Try to be polite both at home and abroad .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Packaging Can Talk	'Colors and Shapes
What the writer regretted was that she did n't manage find aunt 's arrangement Mazy	"""try her best to care for her aunt 's cat"
Who has also written for newspapers and magazines according to the text ? Richard Louv	'Arthur Conan Doyle .
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Japanese cellphone industry intends expand overseas markets .	'Japanese cellphone companies are unsuccessful .
Which of the following is TRUE of EQ and IQ according to the text ? Scientists trying discover way EQ IQ work together .	"'There is no link between EQ and IQ .', ""The higher a person 's IQ is "
The headmaster Bryan Lewis holds the view that fountain pens helped build students ' self - respect	'children should be required to use pens when they are five
The old man bought a ticket got train	'when the conductor told him to buy one
What is the main idea of the passage ? Animals predict extreme weather terrible events .	'In folklore 
The writer implies in the passage that paying children housework good	"'children may feel lonely if they have no pocket money', ""a child 's early good habits can be developed if he or she is paid for all the housework"
Which of the following can be the best topic of the passage ? Online shopping increases rapidly Chinese New Year .	'Customers like buying mobile devices .
It can be inferred from the passage that the lobby group Consumer International wants to make product labeling satisfy ISO requirements	'see all household products meet environmental standards
Which of the following statement is TRUE ? All cups filled tea .	'All of the students had the same kind of cups .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The new technology contributes solving problem illegal fishing .	'The special adviser to the president of Palau leads the Ending Illegal Fishing program .
"Which of the following proves "" Blunt took an unusual path to stardom "" ? Blunt began pursue career music military service ."	'Blunt was 34 when be became famous .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The Tile linked phone without Bluetooth .	'The Tile needs to be charged after a year of use .
If you are an ender , you should control ropes jumpers	'stand outside of the rope
According to the author , many people increase their IQ in order to deal difficulties life	'play games such as riddles
What can we learn from the text ? Noah 's mom takes great pride A Case Dignity .	'Noah 
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Parents stop kids watching many today 's cartoons .	'Everyone should only watch the past cartoon .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? It sailor cleverer .	'All the sailors refused to get into the water because it was too cold .
What happened to the little girl in the end ? She got ice cream big man 's shoes .	'The big man bought an ice cream for her .
Which of the following is true about the film ? The characters I film face pressure study families .	'Mark of Youth tells a story that happened on Feb 5 .
"What does the author want to tell us with the passage ? British people overuse "" sorry "" daily life ."	"'British people now say "" sorry "" in different situations ."
Which of the following sentences is TRUE ? People got idea inventing lightning rod kites .	'The largest kite is three times as big as a basketball court .
Which of the following will Key probably agree on ? New Zealanders attach great importance protecting sanctuary .	'People are allowed to fish for fun in the sanctuary .
Why did David Pecaut have the idea of founding a new Ganada Prize ? To advance Canada 's honor opportunities .	'To consider his own benefits from the prize .
What is the common feature of the three writers ? Each one famous work .	'All writers above wrote only one novel .
The passage is mainly about negative effects Pokemon Go since UK release	'the applications of Pokemon Go in hospitals since its UK release
What is the text mainly about ? Arthur Miller best - known play .	'Arthur Miller and his family .
We learn from the passage that Maria fully understood child 's mind	"'Maria left her homeland in order to study abroad', ""Maria did n't get married"
Where did Gray E. Stahl accept the money ? At Melvin 's school .	"""At Melvin 's house ."
Which of the following is not true ? California law allow children act TV shows .	'Many of the children actors become famous stars .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? The author benefited lot talking phone Suzie .	'Suzie was the only person helping the author with difficulties .
What 's the best title for the passage ? Getting Know Sign Language	'The Most Common Way to Communicate
What is the passage mainly about ? Information end - - - world predictions .	'Different opinions about end - of - the - world predictions .
Which of the following is an aim of the new museums ? To study significance collecting .	'To help people sell their collections .
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Tiger Mom changed wants soft .	'Tiger Mom persuaded readers to follow her example .
What 's the best title for this passage ? Tommy 's Hobby	'Important Hobbies
Ed 's encounter   with the recycling team shows that Ed desperate correct mistake	'Ed only wanted to give money to Raoul
We can learn from the passage that Jack pine n't seem belong family pine trees	'the Mexican pine has the longest leaves
What can we infer from the passage ? Our understanding brain changed greatly past decades .	'People today use more of their brain than in the past .
What did the teacher do when the students reported me boy to him ? He took action boy .	"""He asked the boy 's parents to come to school ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Swift became multiaward winner began sing stage .	'Swift has the ability to write songs with deeper meanings .
What happened when he came home from his office that evening ? His car back .	'His car was damaged .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true ? Britain first country created three - person babies .	'The new technique is intended to provide the parents a healthy baby .
It can be inferred from the passage that results study make families pets feel ease	'less families would like to own cats and dogs
What is the author 's purpose in writing this article ? To call people join Slow Food Movement .	'To call on people to object to fast food .
What can promote your body health according to the passage ? Regular exercise , proper diet nutrition .	'Family 
When people without jobs go to the doctors , they get free prescriptions	'get free medicine in the hospital
According to the passage , why was Lu Xun 's story Diary of a Madman so popular ? It first novel use everyday language .	"""It was based on Lu Xun 's diary ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? Bamboo plants able grow well part world .	'There are many different kinds of bamboo with different colors .
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To ask people watch movie .	'To tell people a special bird 
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? New advanced technology makes vehicle operation rely vehicle .	'Advanced safety systems make driving an easier job .
What can we infer from the passage ? Going space needs power escape gravity .	'Submersibles usually break up in deep water .
Which of the following positions should have a doctor degree ? Assistant adjunct professors	'Assistant professors and instructors
Which of the following is NOT true ? We found new home another planet year 2400 .	'Only a few people changed their lifestyle in the 20th century .
The only victims of rising house prices are real home buyers	'governments
What can we learn from the passage ? People ca n't get full night 's sleep mainly much stress .	'Working with a plan of action can save one and a half hours per day .
Which of the following sentences is WRONG ? Wang Zhaolin 's foot got hurt PE exam	"'The big exam is coming less than two months from now', ""Dou Yi 's chemistry is much better now"
The first time the writer thought they would probably survive was when worker climbed rope	'the writer was encouraged by people on the ground floor
Women do n't take the disadvantages of high heels too seriously because of wish improve appearance	'the multi - functional use of high heels
What do we know about a green roof ? covered grass , flowers plants	'It is painted green for a specific purpose
"What 's the meaning of "" ordinary people "" ? people whose surnames ordinary ."	'the people whose looks is ordinary .
The author of the passage aims to stress benefit taking notes hand	'promote the use of laptops
According to the passage , Shi Li and Cui Jiping disabled people full love	'wrote many famous books .
What would be the best title for the text ? New Honor Web 's Inventor	'The Millennium Technology Prize
How is the bookstore different from other bookstores ? There cashier .	'There are no paper books in it .
What does this passage mainly tell us ? High fuel prices ' influences school buses .	'New measures to transport school students .
"The aim of the "" tech - free "" challenge was to help students understand technology affected lives"	'help students focus on their study
According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true ? It first time virus found products company .	'Much of the peanut butter produced in the plant was supplied to schools .
What do we know about the survey from the text ? It lasted whole school year .	'The teacher were also encouraged to drink water .
Akatsuka 's final hope for his robot team is compete humans	'to invent the best software
What is the writer of this passage attempting to do ? To explain present - day reading habits developed .	'To show how reading methods have improved .
What is the best title of this passage ? Robot technologies widespread Japanese daily life .	"'"" Thank You "" Will Never Be Needed in Japan"
What is the passage mainly about ? A study indicates Native Americans trace ancestry six women .	'A study indicates that women arrived in America around 20
Which of the following is the problem caused by cultural adaptation according to the passage ? Human activities done damage balance nature .	'New technologies have been developed .
Ashok Gadgil was given the honor because improved lives people developing countries	'he was a famous professor and physicist at UC 
What 's the matter with James in the oasis ? He wanted water fell mire .	'He wanted to make his friend have trouble 
What 's the purpose of the World 's Largest Rattlesnake Roundup ? To control population rattlesnakes .	"""To protect rattlesnakes ' habitats ."
The example of 3D printed hearing aids was mentioned to show that items used impossible make	'3D printing has a large market share
The Americans automobile association foundation for traffic safety plans to try Japanese method certain areas	'change the road signs across the country
What is the best title for the passage ? Hobbies Teenagers	"""Teenagers ' Lives"
What does the passage mainly tell us ? The child got painful process finally saved sin felt unhappy	'The child was finally saved from sin
Recent researches are performed with less complicated implements mainly to test chimps ' social tendencies instead tool skills	'see whether chimps are willing to share food with others
From the passage , we can infer that Charlie n't support family enough money	'Charlie knew who paid the money for the new glasses
How did the first thief steal money from the bank ? He told computer take away money account .	'He broke the computer down and stole money from it .
After he read the advertisement , Tom decided to see buy bike	'examine the bicycle
Which is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Cornwall north England .	'Leech put out a fire with milk at the age of 34 .
The author went to a quiet canal - side cafe to get away crowds	'watch the woman beggar
Which of the following can serve as the proper title for the passage ? Fifty States Project	'Songs About American States
What does the writer think of codin ~ y ? It helps children creativity .	'It is better than playing music .
Shields talked at the Financial Times Digital Media and Broadcasting Conferences about the following EXCEPT plan developing mobile phone operating system	"""Facebook 's referrals"
From the text we learn that Nikki Sellers suggests always putting things back	'many people in the survey spend over an hour looking for the lost items
What do we know about the Garden Burgers in Truman ? The store recorded highest sales smaller population .	'The store is run by 5 university students .
If a person is both open and shy , noisy and quiet at the same time , he or she might be with    Type AB	'Type O
Which following statement is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? We n't find good place study .	"'We should set enough time for entertainment when we plan our week .', ""It 's helpful to take notes in class because it makes us remember what the teacher says ."
The best title of this passage is Year Monkey	'New Monkey Stamps
We can infer that the Baima girls wore their traditional costumes to greet visitors mainly because way show culture attract visitors	'their leader Li Qin asked them to do so
Why did Albert Schweitzer decide to be a doctor ? At time doctors great need Africa .	'The hospitals were in great need of Africans then .
"For the author , "" me""time mainly refers to the time when she need n't focus taking care baby"	'read interesting stories to her baby
It can be concluded from the passage that teenagers away fast food advertisements	'all the teenagers like to watch fast food advertisements
What is the best title for the passage ? Soil Food	'Soil and Waste
Which of the following statement is TRUE ? Javier faced number challenges put risks .	'Javier established good relationship with the author and his team .
What made the author feel upset was feeling less valued .	'the tiredness after long hours in labs .
The passage mainly tells us people different countries celebrate birthday different ways	'people in different countries have their own special year birthdays
According to the passage , what is true today about women ? Women report news sports	'Women like to be secretaries .
which school is considered a paradigm for all college campuses . ? Oxford University .	'Stanford University .
The letter is from English student another English student	'a Chinese student to an English student
Which statement is NOT true about Li Na ? Li Na wanted look different wear black brace right knee .	'Li Na is the first and only Grand Slam winner in China and has lots of fans .
Capuchin monkeys are people 's great helpers because hands like people 's hands	'they learn more quickly than other monkeys
What are students advised to do ? Eat slowly exercise regularly .	'Eat all foods slowly and regularly .
The Young Inspirations mentoring program aims to provide youth unique experiences	'train staff for world - famous firms
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Sleep problems serious among young people .	"""You 'll no longer have your sleep problem if you try the tips ."
Jim Horne thinks that a 26-minute nap is not appropriate because people risk deep sleep may feel tired	'people who had a poor sleep need some more napping time
Why does the SPCA decide to teach the three dogs to learn to drive a car ? To encourage people adopt abandoned dogs .	'To prove old dogs can learn new tricks .
In the experiment , the shore crabs able choose shelter go	'were placed into two dark shelters
The text is written to tell us antifreeze	'make people buy antifreeze
What can we learn from the passage ? Some dairy products may harm health .	'Milk has the highest level of protein of any food .
Which of the following is true about Question Box according to the passage ? Some modern technologies used improving service .	"'Uganda is the original place where the service started .', ""Question Box wo n't be able to work if there is no electrical power ."
What does Cartmill say about regular check - ups for men ? They save money long run .	'They will enable men to live as long as women .
Which of the following is right ? Katie native Glasgow .	'The second lady was to blame .
We can learn from the passage that man found use crying spilt milk	"'the man returned from a long journey and regretted what he had done', ""the man did n't enter the deep "
What is the best title for the text ? The fox horse	'The silly lion
"The purpose of this article is arouse awareness public help conserve "" lungs planet """	'introduce the largest rain forest in the world
What is the major finding of Robinson 's study ? Parental involvement beneficial expected .	'Modern parents raise children in a more scientific way .
Of the four programs , which one is open only on weekends ? Windsurfing -- One - day course	'One - day adventure course
The author mentions the bumper sticker in order to introduce readers Marwick	'show his own opinion about history
Which of the following is TRUE about the public bookshelves ? People take books leave books .	"""People can ' t borrow books unless they donate books ."
We can know that one likes surfing Internet rent room Slidell	'the house in UNO campus has a swimming pool
We can conclude from the article that Kenny 's success cooking lot family	"""Kenny proved himself by catering his uncle 's wedding alone"
"What should you do to take part in the "" I 'm "" program ? Add code organization support next MSN name ."	'Send an email to Microsoft .
What did Lion do each day ? He good sleep favourite tree .	"""He stepped onto a hunter 's net ."
We can infer from the passage that Valentine 's Day brings many benefits	"""all countries celebrate Valentine 's Day"
""" The door to his room is always shut""suggests that the son keeps away parents"	'is angry with his parents
"What did the game warden mean by saying "" It 's the law that is wrong "" ? The writer break law fishing invalid license whatever reason ."	"""It did n't make any sense to prohibit people from fishing freely in South Carolina ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE about the programs ? The impact programs remains estimated .	'The programs can guarantee the employees a good job .
We learn from the text that in 2008 Wind power would leader renewable energy .	'biomass might become the main energy source
What can we learn from the passage ? The survey came four countries .	"'Japanese students cared most about their appearance .', ""American students were n't interested in fashion at all ."
According to the passage , China 's food industry is full of faking and cheating because punishment unscrupulous businessmen n't serious enough	'there are still so many poor people at the present time
From the passage we can learn that    NC63 organization	'NC63 is an expert
The farmer did n't want to keep his horse any more because horse old much work .	"'the horse was lazy', ""the horse did n't follow the farmer 's words"
It can be inferred from the passage that Mrs. March willing help poor able influence daughters .	'The little girls often went into the book store and bought many books .
Which one is right ? Tom clever .	"""Tom does n't like his mother ."
The reason why the father did not feel irritated when his son asked him the same question for 23 times is that father loved son much never got tired	'he knew his son was still so innocent
Which of the following is not true ? The Irish used red cross blue background memory St George .	'The emblem of the English was a red cross on a white background .
Which of the following shows the school is democratically managed ? Students right staff voting .	'There are as many students as staff members .
The passage is about living e - age	'sending messages
What can we infer from the passage ? Students love holidays get mind learning holidays .	'Parents always read to their kids to keep reading skills .
Which statement is NOT true according to the text ? Isabella Jack classmates studying Paris .	"'The museums at that time were not comfortable .', ""Isabella opened the museum about five years after Jack 's death ."
What 's the best title of the passage ? Danger much sugar	'Living a sweet life
The passage suggests that Jules Verne knew great deal laws physics astronomy	'based his writings on the works of Leonardo da Vinci
What did Mary 's mother do for her ? She prepared Mary 's favorite meal .	'She drove Mary home .
Research shows that people 's physical and mental health has much to do with amount support get others	'the social medical system
Which of the statements about depression is TRUE ? Those suffer depression feel dissatisfied .	"""Depression is a kind of illness that ca n't be cured like some cancer ."
What 's the function of the Van Gogh Gallery ? To provide information artist 's life work .	"'To collect the artworks of Van Gogh .', ""To recall people 's memory of Van Gogh ."
Which of the following is True of both convection ovens and conventional ovens ? It uses either gas electricity provide heat .	'Items cooked on the bottom of an oven will not cook properly .
The author uses the Shetland horse as an example to show horses less variety domestication	'it is smaller than the Clydesdale horse
Before the school was closed down, girl 's mother talk former teacher	"""the girl 's mother wanted to teach her daughter at home"
What 's the passage mainly about ? Sea turtles suffering plastic pollution .	'How to prevent the sea turtle from plastic .
What makes Connie so proud ? Getting new Guinness world record .	'Owning so many prizes for a child .
What made the author change his / her attitudes to his /her hometown ? Travelling New York City .	'The familiar faces in Jim Thorpe .
Which of the following is WRONG ? THE IMPOSSIBLE based people 's experience sandstorm .	'Don and Ellie Griffin play the happy couple due to the wedding .
The purpose of this story is to     tell us debate started Italian middle schools way students dress School	'show Chinese students that wearing very fashionable clothes in school is under attack in other countries 
This passage is differences sleepaway camp day camp	'to tell us what we can do at the camp
The text suggests that people n't use flower dictionaries longer	'Turks still keep their tradition of sending baskets
Roosegaarde appeals to people in Beijing to pay attention air pollution solve problem finally	'invent more devices to clean the smog in Beijing
Why did CCTV send a team to join the adventure ? The journalists CCTV reported Chinese climbing mountain .	'The journalists of CCTV like climbing .
What can we infer from the text ? Mr. Potato Head taken apart .	'French fries were popular in US when first served in the White House .
It can be learnt from the text that kids many electronic devices choose	'Brandon feels annoyed about his late - night message .
A year ago , the writer paid no attention to English idioms because He cared little teacher 's emphasis	'English idioms were too difficult to master
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? He failed sail first boat .	"'He was lucky to find some bread left in a small bag .', ""He could n't read or write because of his poor eyesight ."
In the story the woman does n't find Henry 's mother because goes wrong house	"""she does n't know Henry 's mother"
What is the text mainly about ? How Gallaudet set first school deaf America .	'What contributions Gallaudet made to the education of the deaf in America .
The purpose of this article is to draw public attention weakness American school tradition	'call on American schools to learn from the Polish model
Why are ECAs important now ? They prepare students future .	'They can make students get what they want .
What 's the first thing you 'd do before setting Google SafeSearch ? Sign log Google account .	"'find the "" Search Settings "" preferences page ."
Which of the following about the Taj Mahal is NOT true ? All workers building Taj Mahal came Central Asia .	'It took over 20 years to build the Taj Mahal .
Which of the following is NOT the reason why the English language spread to numerous parts of the world ? large British population	'British colonization
When he was in China , Marco Polo saw many wonderful things	'discovered Cai Lun invented paper
What is the main idea of the passage ? It 's time stricter kids .	'Parents should leave their children alone 
We learn from the passage that Chuck Wall unusual teacher	"""Chuck 's students are not clever enough"
The study was carried out by analyzing volunteers ' reactions horrible pictures data brain scans	"""volunteers ' heartbeats when they saw terrible pictures"
Why does Mr. Lee ask the children for help ? His garden much big .	'He is too old to sweep snow .
What is the purpose of the passage ? To defend role testing education .	'To explain what high - quality education means .
The international high schools in New York     expand one school ten	'have been opened for less than 20 years and set a good example
When Paul was a boy , laws made protect environment pollution	'the economy of Utah depended wholly on the copper smelter
Which is TRUE according to the passage ? The grandfather complains pays attention better life .	'People have much time to talk with each other now .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Children China sickened school pressure	'Measures to reduce unnecessary stress on children
According to the article , students who take part in the Oxford University project guaranteed sleeping time morning	'will start school one hour earlier
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Robots walk two legs talk like people still far us .	'Robots have already come into every home .
Which of the following is the writer 's opinion ? It difficult vet .	'No one wants to be a vet .
Which of the following is right ? Peter tells lie composition .	"""Peter does n't like writing a composition ."
Why are there so many students that commit suicide ? All .	'Because of psychological and physical sickness .
We can infer from the text Rick generous man	"'"" Play it again "
Which of the following will be the best title   ? Wrong ideas sports exercise .	'Results    of sports and exercise .
"The last sentence of the whole passage ' ' That 's gr8 !   But I 'm v busy rite now . Will call U 2nite . "" May probably means That 's great ! But I 'm busy right . ( I ) Will call tonight"	"""It 's eight now . I 'm very busy . ( I ) Will call you tonight"
What do we know about the chronic pain ? It caused wrong body position	'Using a heavy smart phone will cause it .
"By saying "" the rewards of a man 's industry follow with equal steps the progress of his labor "" ( Line 10 , Para . 1 ) , the author means laborious work ensures growth industry"	"""a man 's business should be developed step by step"
Which of the following sleep tips is not mentioned in the passage ? Follow flexible sleep timetable .	'Control your daytime sleep time .
The text is mainly about that expressions like LOL FYI added Oxford English Dictionary	'English words change their meaning as time goes by
With the information it collects and processes , SignalGuru is able to allow drivers adjust speed	'help drivers avoid traffic accidents
The message mainly tells us about The origin Valentine 's Day	'How Valentine died
What does Charlotte do to save Wilbur 's life ? She spins words web .	'She provides food for Wilbur .
The following are all the measures that companies have adopted to cope with the ageing workforce EXCEPT encouraging former employees work overseas	'using alumni networks to hire retired former employees
What is the main idea of this passage ? If care others road life , life .	"'If you care about others on your road of life ', ' then you are missing your life itself .', 'If you meet an old man with a rose in the street ', "" then you 'll have interest in your life ."
We can learn from the passage that China probably going delay retirement age	'China is not planning to push back the age at which workers can retire
According to the passage , when most employers want to hire workers , turn wrong people say aim	'they will look for the right applicants
The passage is not finished , which subtitle could be the next ? The Most Sought After Painting	'The Economic Value of Art Theft
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? brothers different personalities	'brothers and their pet
What can we infer after reading the passage ? Myth , Christianity , technology influence unique style .	'The conditions of art are more than a particular way of interpreting reality .
The main purpose of the passage is to warn people smoke	'inform people about the result of the study
Which of the following is true ? Arts develop children 's creative ideas .	'Babies learn everything through playing .
According to the head teacher , pupils wo n't be able to take the exam if computer system breaks	"""they do n't have a computer at home"
What do we know about the dilution theory ? Parents ' attention drop children coming	'Family resources 
We can know from the story that Mr Bunter somehow fallen bridge backwards	'Mr Bunter had been punished because of his disbelief in ghost
The extra money brought in by both parents reduce negative effect child	"""plays different roles in shaping a child 's welfare"
The best title for the passage can be Enjoy Your Life	'Take Good Care of Your Mom
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? start drinking potentially damages one 's life	'most teens in high schools like drinking
Jean Clottes says that people who visit the mountain think drawings disappear	'do not believe the drawings are old .
It can be inferred from the passage that skateboarding is becoming sport used better young Cambodians ' life	'a sport liked by most young Cambodians
What are those in the small basket ? Four oranges	'Three pears and three oranges
What 's the passage mainly about ? Nobel winner , Tu Youyou , strongly supports TCM research .	'TCM is based on thousands of years of practice in China .
The purpose of the passage is most probably call people offer help Africans	'to introduce new ways to avoid mosquito bites
What 's the best title for this passage ? A christmas tree gives hope miracle	"""Friends ' help means a lot"
Bank loans are mainly made to women because likely spend earn children	'they hold higher status in the home and community
What can we infer from the text ? Learning Chinese becoming popular In America ,	'Educated woman do better in looking after children
If a person is hurt badly and bleeding , what should you do first ? Try stop bleeding .	'Wash the wound with cold running water .
What is the main topic of this passage ? .What cliques effects children .	'.The positive effect of cliques .
It can be inferred that happiness spreads faster widely unhappiness	'happiness spreads as fast and widely as unhappiness
According to the text , which of the following is the Hopeless Ant in need of at present ? Keep / away danger .	'Have a talk with his / her parents .
In what way does laughter benefit people 's health ? Laughter makes blood flow fast .	'Blood is made thick by laughter .
Which is true about the suit according to the passage ? It spare owner 's trouble soaking , dry cleaning applying soap .	'It is of the quality of fast dry for its best cloth .
If you are planning to visit Britain , you 'd better first visit Traveline	'National Rail
What will the next section mainly talk about ? How manage get rid stress .	'How to prevent pressure from oneself or parents or teachers .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? An artist creates homes homeless .	'A more comfortable shelter on the streets .
As is known in the passage , sheep eat grass field minds may active	'sheep are among the week animals
We should leave a hole in the front of the nest so that birds fly	'we can clean the nest
Which is the benefit for beautiful people ? Good - looking people often regarded many good qualities .	'An attractive plaintiff has more chances to get away with punishment .
We can learn from the text that the writer believes one keep childhood act young sometimes even grown	'keeping stuffed animals is babyish
Which of the following is NOT true ? Stephen answers big questions .	'Stephen is good at thinking .
The purpose of writing the passage is introduce practical method making children eat vegetables	"""to show the procedure of an experiment on children 's diet"
According to the article , a finishing school is young women behaved badly sent	'a place to make people feel comfortable
The author was excited because    could see Rodgers & Hammerstein 's Cinderella stage	'he has grown up knowing the story of Cinderella
Which of the following can best summarize the passage ? Kids ' poor eating habit little schools .	"""Schools are to blame for kids ' nutrition problems ."
Which of the following best shows the author 's attitude towards mobile phones ? Mobile phones bring convenience well little secret people .	'Mobile phones help people deal with the emergency .
"What does the writer mean by saying "" old - fashioned "" ? The new playground offers fashion poplar past ."	'The so - called new playground is outdated .
If a student film maker wants to ask famous film makers for advice , he should go to Scene First Stuedent Film Festival	'Seattle International Film Festival
The three films mentioned in the text share the same features EXCEPT that take second place USbox office chart	'they are all set with the background New York
According to the passage , which of the following people would most probably call 18007892647 ? Parents want know whether children mental health problems .	'People who are sure they have mental health problems .
The salesman retired young because could n't remember simple tasks	'he disliked using mobile phones
What is the point of this conversation between father and son ? The father intends make son accept idea Rufus may stay house .	'The father wants his son to learn from Rufus .
Which following is true ? Reading instructions must carefully .	"'Reading everything quickly is a good reader .', ""A slow reader is n't a good reader ."
The best title for the reading is Everything Happens Good	'The Lucky King
When we are taking the exam , we should    Go paper hand .	'After you finish the examination 
DARPA organized the race in order to improve vehicles future wars	'raise money for producing more robotic vehicles
What is the text mainly about ? That playing Barbie dolls could limit girls ' career choices .	"'That Barbie dolls make girls want to be thin .', ""Why Barbie dolls are one of the world 's best - selling dolls ."
We can infer from the passage that environment influence animal 's emotions	"'the animals with positive emotions live longer', ""there is no way to assess an animal 's emotions"
"Jeffries is the name of former holder record "" longest ears dog """	'the owner of the dog with the longest ears
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? People love eat popcorn watching movies .	'The snacks including peanuts 
If you want to appear confident , you should keep head level	'cross your arms
Why does the author say education has become a global enterprise ? There extensive exchange students among different countries .	'Monkseaton High School used to be a very unfashionable school in the Northeast England .
The passage mainly talks about benefits studying abroad	'the time for studying abroad
How does Ted go to school ? He goes school bike .	'He goes to school by bus
George has to follow the rules below EXCEPT that     record life much possible using phone	'keep the phone in silence when is at the cinema
42 . According to Dom , the main reason for the accident was that nobody fishing ship saw	'Tim and Dom were too careless
How do lianas adapt to the environment in the rainforest ? They rely plants reach canopy layer .	'They grow under big leaves for protection .
Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage ? Dogs Can Understand Us In Way , Researchers Say .	'Dogs Are Our Best Friends .
The media company ranks the schools on the basis of information like test results	"""peoples ' attitude towards the schools"
"What does Zheng Li mean by saying "" It 's a once - in - a - lifetime thing . "" ? The trip research station extremely exciting ."	"""It 's exciting to see the sun rise in Arctic area ."
The last sentence means that diameter tube kind liquid decide greatness force	'the thinner the diameter 
It can be inferred that when the baby monkey feels secure , cares less whether mother still around	'it frequently rushes back for a deep embrace when exploring the toys
The village leader thinks build new houses also careful temple	"'they should destroy the temple', ""they need n't build new houses"
It can be safely concluded that    descriptions Jobs nice book	"'Jobs is highly spoken of in the book', ""Isaacson does n't think Jobs a good man"
This passage is mainly about suggestion city problems traffic pollution	"'city problems and "" Bike for a Better City """
What can be inferred from the passage ? The author might volunteer shelter .	'Steve used to work as a salesman in a car factory .
Norwegian farmers and fishermen have an important effect because Norwegians respect representatives   Norwegian culture	"""their views of life and value agree with the Norwegian government 's"
In Professor Deiner 's opinion , Asians focus others ' respect approval westerners	'Asians have a culture to enjoy individual happiness
In the 16th and 17th centuries the artists thought watercolour n't fit finished works	'watercolour was softer 
This passage was written mainly to tell us make good use review sites	'not to make a decision before reading reviews
The text is mainly about customs Iceland like	'why some of the customs in Iceland are special
Expectation and excitement suddenly changed into anxiety and fear . Which of the following did the author NOT include as a reason for that change ? Growing homesick might seriously affect academic performance college .	'Her being a top student at high school did not mean a successful academic career for her .
From the passage we can learn that experts used to believe that second language stopped children 's studying well mental development	"""interruption forced a bilingual 's brain to strengthen its thinking ability"
What did Wilma Subra study for her job before 1981 ? Toxic substances environment .	'Families affected by toxic chemicals .
"By saying "" Sunday is more like Monday than it used to be "" , the writer means that line work time rest time unclear"	'work time is equal to rest time
What would be the best title for the text ? School Takes Stand Against Obesity	'No Desks or Chairs in the Classroom
The man quarreled with his wife because cake stuck end nose according wife 's wish .	'his wife hoped that he asked for a house
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? It 's common men buy dishes , send children school , even cook modern family .	'The husband in the modern family does a lot of housework except cooking .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Vitamins guard lung cancer .	'Taking vitamins would reduce the risk of lung cancer .
The practice of anting makes birds feel comfortable	'is unique to birds
If a child wants to take part in Cookie Sale , he / she needs to cook sell dog cookies	'sell cookbooks for dogs
In Paragraph 2 , the writer used the example to show goal setting sometimes stops realizing dreams	'prove that goals often result in frustration .
In the author 's opinion what matters in life is health love	'money and work
"Tourists to "" Mickey 's Not So Scary Halloween Party "" need to pay admission regular days"	'wear Halloween costumes
Where is the missing dollar ? There missing dollar .	'The three men took it .
Which of the following is open at night ? Sky - walk Sydney .	'Ice - climb in London .
The author wrote the passage mainly to make us know 's important listen people offer different perspective experience	'tell us not to cut trees down any more
Which statement is NOT true according to the passage ? They use school China .	"'That e - schoolbags may be easily broken', ""It may not be good to student 's eyes ."
The writer used numbers 4 , 9 and 1 to set alarm system	'give numbers to each of the three units in the downstairs rooms
This passage is mainly about part development credit cards	'how to use cash
Why are problem - solving skills important ? Because problem - solving skills help keep good job future .	'Because the world economy will pay you for what you know .
The passage mainly talks about relationship air pollution heart diseases	'the effects of pollution on women
What 's the best title for the passage ? My ideal school	'My school
At first , Mr. Brown was going to invest factory Moscow	'visit a modern factory
Most people do n't go work Sunday	'go to church on Sunday
"Why do some companies "" sell "" their music for free ? They earn money advertisements added music ."	'Their music is not popular and is out of date .
When you find someone in danger , you should stay calm encourage victim	'rush into the place where the victim lies at once
Mr Black told his wife to write down on the next page bought money	'when she spent the money
Which of the following is true ? Apes may drive cars	'In China apes can help people make cars .
In 1999 , people believed that it was risky fetus 21 weeks uterus receive operation	'possible for a fetus 21 weeks born to survive
The song of the Lorelei is about beautiful dangerous siren	'The Rhine wine
My grandfather did n't like to receive work good boys could	'work that the boys could not do
Which of the following rules is set for the essay contest ? Students ' personal information listed another piece paper .	'Students can write something exactly as it is written in other books .
In the first paragragh the writer mainly wants to tell us bad habits really difficult give	'we should stop something bad for us
People who suffer from astigmatism have eyes exactly right shape	'one eye bigger than the other
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? Microsoft Fight Back Smartphone	'Smartphone Market Welcomes New Giant
What can be the best title for the text ? Young people deserve understanding	'Should the young show respect for the old ?
Why did may Americans begin to buy tea from the Dutch traders ? The tea much cheaper .	'The tea was a lot healthier .
Michael Tomasello 's tests on young children indicate that they instinct help others	'know how to offer help to adults
Why did the writer leave her first job ? She decided attend part - time course .	'She found a full - time job .
What can be learnt about the new laboratories from the text ? They yet set .	'They belong to University College London .
The princess was called Fiona	'Farquaad
Which is the best title of this passage ? Let 's Speak English	'An ESL Class
We can learn from the passage that restaurants use music influence people eat	'the restaurant owners often play music they like
What is benefit of asking questions with no ready answers ? It cultivates students ' ability make scientific inquiries .	"""It arouse students ' interest in things around them ."
This leaflet    is trying to inform people baggage inspection	'introduce one of the security acts
Which one is True according to the passage ? people may get higher pay Egypt South Africa others	'basketball is popular among children
What is the writer 's opinion concerning courteous manners towards women ? Special consideration ought shown .	'Since women have claimed equality 
What do the staff members mainly do at Street Sense ? They write first two pages paper .	'They sell newspapers along the street .
Which of the following is n't mentioned in the notice ? The patient told soon recover operation	'The Hospital creates a record of the care and services .
What 's the purpose of the Family Read - Aloud Celebration ? To get families habit reading aloud .	'To celebrate the joys of reading .
Which of the following is true about Google ? Google raised almost two billion dollars first public stock sale .	"""Google 's first public stock sale began in 2005 ."
From the passage , we can learn that old man happy family	"""the writer did n't know how to spend the rest of his life"
When did Joey Russell have the idea of selling his old postcard for money ? When Kate Shelley told mother 's sickness .	"'When he went to see the new movie "" Titanic "" ."
What do we know about Flossie ? He 10-month - old dog .	'He is good at reading books .
Michael wrote back to express different understanding education .	'beg the school not to punish his kids
What does it mean when parents fight ? They disagree something .	"""They are n't happy with their family ."
From the passage , we can learn that turning electricity n't needed good environment	"""electricity wo n't cause great trouble to our environment"
How did the man ask the lady to thank him ? He asked help people need .	'He said she could pay him back next time .
What is probably the best title for the passage ? Where Does Garbage Go ?	'How Is Trash Burned ?
The main idea of the passage is OPEC increase oil production make shortfall caused Iraq	'the oil prices in the world were stable though Iraq has stopped oil deliveries
Which of the following statements is True ? Manners different world .	'Children with good manners are quiet .
Why did the machine have no effect on the two girls ? Because machine could n't steal gestures .	'Because they were kind and polite .
What conclusion did the author draw after interviewing Ms A ? Listening sometimes best thing doctor patient .	'A doctor must learn how to treat each patient equally .
When you see a red flag , you know that    nobody swim	'women should not swim
What 's the best title of the passage ? How cold cold ice runner	'Sports in cold areas of the world
The writer does n't think that happiness lies in the satisfaction of desires because    ever - changing desires never satisfied	"'no desires of a person can be satisfied at all', ""there is n't enough money to meet people 's needs"
Bill never passes the exams because n't work hard lessons	"""he 's the tallest of the children"
Sandpiper has an advantage over the other cottages because suitable anyone trouble managing stairs	'it offers a newly - fitted separate kitchen and WC
Which of the following is NOT the IOC 's duty ? make arrangements nation 's athletes	'to organize and control the Olympic Games
The author set the living butterfly free because sympathy beautiful butterfly	"""he could n't bear a butterfly dying in his favorite bushes"
Simon Walker wrote the letter to     urge Cosmo Books Ltd. take away books ordered .	'complain about sending him books he had not ordered .
Lindsay 's father advised her buy house money	'to pay for her college education with the money
We know from the passage that Monet greatly influenced Boudin	'spend most of his childhood in Paris
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? American dads involved parenting	'More stay - at - home dads in America
Not expecting much , Shay 's father still asked the boy if Shay could play , mainly because the father understood Shay need feeling accepted	"'noticed some of the boys on the field were heisting', ""guessed his presence would affect the boy 's decision"
What can be inferred from the passage ? Germans think unnecessary thank workers payment enough .	'German men never treat a woman to dinner .
Jerome Siegel believes that nothing wrong 6 7 hours ' sleep	'we need to take sleeping pills to improve sleep
When his mother put the burnt biscuit on the table , the author wanted see father reacted	'pretended to enjoy the burnt food
Which of the following is not true according to the passage ? Reducing lunch supper less value weight - losing .	'Poor breakfasts affect    those who work with brains .
The story mainly tells us hard work one 's wish come reality	"""one should n't dream of becoming famous"
From the passage we learn that tea popular Asian countries	'a cup of tea a day keeps the doctor away
The first modern insurance company offered fire insurance	'life insurance
Which of the following is NOT true to the passage ? Sucking thumbs young child 's bad habit .	'It is very difficult to get rid of our habits .
"Which of the following is NOT true about Wright 's "" grass - land houses "" ? The color1 lines "" grass - land houses "" green ."	"'The lines of "" grass - land houses "" are similar to lines on the grassland ."
In his TV show , Dr. Petrel sings gives medical advice	'sings about different diseases
What may be the importance of the research ? It shows sleep may help us manage information	'It helps find out the common themes of word
According to the passage , Leon leave birth pride three	'will have spots on his fur for the whole of his life
What does the writer think of the combination ? The deal really great .	'The deal will do harm to Gillette .
What would   NOT happen the following afternoon ? The butterflies would fly away .	'Tommy would bring the butterflies back .
From the passage we can conclude that Dahl 's frog carries enough poison kill snake snake eats immediately	"""the floodplain death adders only eat the Dahl 's frog and Marbled frog"
According to the passage , in the past , when a woman reached her 40s , might able children .	"""she ca n't get married ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Magic solve problems people ca n't deal natural way .	'Even though magic fails 
In the writer 's opinion taste mood film basically important	'the skill at playing music is more important than the taste in the mood of a film
From the article we can infer that American may feel comfortable sirloin	'one should refuse strange food after a few bites
Which of the following will the aging problem result in ? The society devote lot old - age care .	'Fewer children are born each year .
The video released by AsapScience said that future humans ' bodies part machine	'humans will be thinner and shorter
Which is NOT the common thought that stops you from helping others ? It looks like something .	"""I 'm not the very person capable of setting the problem ."
What can we know about the Mini Riser ? It strong support nearly 35 pounds .	"'Its width is adjustable to support 21 "" laptops .', ""It ca n't hold both the laptop and table tightly ."
According to the text , which of the statements is right ? People n't like Picasso 's works first .	"'Even Picasso was a great artist ', ' he was not clever at all when he was young .', ""Picasso did n't leave Paris until he was 23 years old ."
From the passage , we learn that sea rocket grows aggressively alongside unrelated neighbors	'sea rocket is a South American species
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE as for the Kenya plane crash ? 114 passengers board killed including African	'The plane crashed after the plane took off .
Which of the following will Kristina Wegscheider agree with ? Traveling alone necessary experience everyone .	'It is more meaningful to travel in foreign countries .
What can be learned from the experiments ? Lonely ants become restless .	'Most ants can live about 6 days on average .
Which would be a proper title for the passage ? Hearing Better Dark	'A research on Blind People
We can learn from the passage that writer willing take big challenges	"'the girl was helpful even if she had disabilities', ""the writer did n't like working with the children at first"
According to the passage , what can we learn about the study ? Smokers still likely face risks dying cancer though keeping weight .	'There is a clear explanation concerning why obesity leads to more cancers .
In the writer 's opinion , when in a library , parents should let kids choose like reading	'keep a close eye on what their kids read
What is not required about Graphic Designer ? Writing snappy headlines captions .	'Have excellent skills in information graphics .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Three fourths universe made dark energy .	'Dark energy has a positive pressure because of its surroundings .
We can learn from the story that young doctor happened save Jasmine	'ihe author enjoys her early life on the sea
What 's the distinctive characteristic of Racetrack Playa , Death Valley , California ? The rocks valley change places .	'The rocks in its valley can turn red .
What is the main purpose of this text ? To introduce healthy , environmentally clever affordable housing .	'To call on people to pay more attention to housing problems .
Which of the following shows the progress scientists have made in finding solutions to phobia ? They succeeded helping people ignore memories related phobia .	'New medicine can shut off fear centers in animal brains whenever needed .
Which statement is not true according to the passage ? Dust mites survive kinds conditions .	'Building features can affect the growth of mites .
What 's the main purpose of the passage ? To tell us differences city life country life .	'To persuade more people to live in the country .
What can be implied from the last sentence of the passage ? TV critics often blame wrong people failure program .	'The director is a determining factor in the future of a television drama .
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To introduce two controversial researches .	'To promote the new aspirin therapy to women .
From this article we know that fact , Sept. 11 attack nothing Hollywood films .	'Hollywood is a film making center making films of violence and disasters .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Present - giving United States .	'American people and present - giving .
What can we learn from the passage ? As time goes , realize importance Love .	'When we are rich 
What is Once Upon A Wish mainly about ? Wishes stories eight children .	"'The history of the Make - A - Wish Foundation .', ""Some children 's experiences of helping others ."
According to John , the Oxford English Dictionary speeds acceptance new words	'updates its new version every three months
The student got a zero at the beginning because answer n't show knowledge physics	"""his answer was n't complete or correct"
According to the passage , why did the author think Sue was more beautiful than Lin ? Because Sue highly thought others .	'Because Sue had perfect face .
If Mary , aged 12 , wants to learn how to behave well , which of the following will she choose ? 21st Century Princess Program .	'Barrow Institute Summer Camp .
This text is mainly about caused Chinese food taste fresh	'how Chinese food is cooked in the US
When choosing words for their products , advertisers should consider emotion words bring people	'whether the words are easy to remember
In the passage the author intends to     give advice prepare vacation	'make a plan for his summer vacation
According to Weir 's performance , we can conclude that Weir short experience	'Weir was not fit for the job as a Santa
Who are in the same school ? Jim , Li Yan I	'Jim and Li Yan
According to the author , what causes our current and future global problems ? The fast growth material needs .	'The increase in population .
Which of the following is TRUE , according to the passage ? The praise children meaning	"""Children do n't know what they 're really good at ."
Which of the following statements is true ? Low - price Xiaomi 's advantage Apple 's iPhones .	"'Xiaomi sold more cellphones than SaM : ung in 2010 in China .', 'Compared to Xiaomi ', "" Apple 's iPhone 6 is thinner and lighter ."
It is believed by the writer that people think highly TV commercials	'few people like to watch TV commercials
The author probably thinks that inhibitions may stop someone thinking useful ideas	'Loewi should not have conducted his experiment
Which of the following sentences is TRUE ? We need air working running .	"""Sometimes we do n't live in air ."
According to the article , on Mufti days , students in some UK schools wear clothes contribute charity	'can vote to choose their own school uniforms
For what purpose is the text written ? To introduce Sean Miles'new designs .	'To warn people not to throw electronic waste .
.The writer argued with her father because father wanted marry rich man n't	"""she thought her father did n't love her at all"
At the very beginning , Ted paid little attention to Spotty because free moment	"'he was sure Brownie would be OK', ""he did n't like Spotty at all"
Which of the following shows that the Broadway experts agree with the author ? Broadway experts given show nine Tony nominations .	'They all agree the musical is more beloved than the story .
What is the best title of the passage ? The earth -- mother .	'The earth is very beautiful and healthy .
The main idea of this passage is make friends	'that it is hard to make friends
What would be the best title for the text ? Streams Water Spotted Mars	"'Astronauts will Land on Mars', ""NASA 's Mars Exploration Program"
What can we learn about the arctic fox 's diet ? It eats leftovers animals winter	'It eats only one kind of food
Nelson Mandela is loved by all the people of South Africa because 's great fighter racialism	"""he 's as popular as Kennedy and Churchill"
What does the passage mainly discuss ? Aged bees also get stuck ways .	'Aged bees suffer from poor learning behavior
"What does the sentence "" But at least I was n't alone "" mean ? The writer 's mother also unkind sister brothers ."	"""The writer 's mother was only unkind to her ."
Which one is right ? Bob wrong .	"""Bo 's teacher is wrong ."
Ying stood out from the rest because much common Arthur	'other women stopped writing to Arthur
It is estimated that with Apple 's new commitment , Much greenhouse gas pollution avoided 2020	'There will be four million fewer cars on the road for a year
The most disadvantage in the writer 's native place should be that lack water makes life even harder	'there are many market - managing groups for gardeners
The most suitable title for the passage is Home Exchange Your Holiday	'How to Find the Best House
We can infer that Rainer Wendt 's warning went unnoticed	'Rainer Wendt was a chief organizer of Love Parade 2010
"People with the short form of period3 work better people long form 
  period3 without sleep"	'need to go to bed early and get up early
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? 40 % UK people n't access cars .	'That some people refuse hitchhikers may reflect the safety fear .
The teacher decided to give the prize to Tommy	'Donald
What did the author do at the church ? He volunteer helped	'He was called in to give out Easter baskets
The best title for the passage is Future Life	'Space Travel
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? . What usually injures people earthquake falling buildings .	'Earthquakes usually last 10 to 30 seconds .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The author ran thieves many times .	"'The author thanked his father a lot .', ""The author 's father worked very hard ."
One of the approaches through which drug resistance develops is that people eat meat Antibiotic remainder animals	'doctors prescribe less antibiotics than needed for patients
What do we know about the professional reviews sites ? The reviewer addresses doubt personally .	'The reviews on the sites are written mainly by professors .
Which statement is TRUE according to Dr Turner ? Samuel likely stroke shopping Christmas .	"""Samuel 's heart rate was good all the time ."
What can we infer from the passage ? More readers buying Mo 's books read China .	'Mo Yan is very happy to win the Nobel Prize .
After the students come back They confused disappointed .	'They will easily find a good job .
"It can be inferred from the passage that mobile users ca n't anything "" one ring""call"	"'"" one ring""calls and spam text messages are from the same people"
Why is a third language necessary if man wants to talk to dolphins ? Dolphins hear men speaking .	'The dolphin language is hard to learn .
Which of the following best describes Peter 's word game ? It made around 40 years ago .	'It had game boards in different sizes .
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Women Love Talk	'Women Are Socially Trained to Talk
What would be the best title for the passage ? How Prepare Earthquake	'How to Keep Safe in an Earthquake
The biggest advantage of the program is that it easy farmers understand	'includes health video on preventing cholera
According to the passage , we can infer that talking group members first step group work	'group members should be your close friends
The writer of this passage wants to tell us Amy Chua give children education .	'tell that Tigers are terrible animals 
The main idea of the passage is that reading ability something gained rather taught	'reading is more complicated than believable
Animals are divided into two kinds . carnivorous animals herbivorous animals	'carnivorous animals and meat - eating animals
London taxi driver pay fares poor children sea day every year	"""take money because they have to pay for the children 's ride"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Russian nobility followed custom kissing French .	'It was France that made the custom of kissing go to the whole world .
The speaker mainly   tells them school rules	'clubs and school activities
According to the passage , the students who take the course Building a Computer Engine learn mainly watching short videos Internet	'will take an informal quiz every day
What can we learn from the passage ? The first introduction baby pet important .	'Cats are more welcoming than dogs when then meet a baby .
Which of the following ideas agrees with the title of the passage . The exams give Japanese students much pressure .	'The Japanese students love to study under pressure .
According to Susan Swearer , bullies also need help	'bullies are antisocial
The hotel can arrange for the visitor to go across Wainiri Islands swim fish	'go fishing off Cape St Germain 
What can be inferred from the passage ? There thunderstorm trains crashed .	'The cause of the collision was made clear .
What does the passage talk about ? The terrible feeling without mobiles .	'The history of mobiles .
We can learn from the passage that people n't believe truth Louisa 's symptoms .	"'doctors have found the cure for Sleeping Beauty Sickness .', ""Kleine - Levin Syndrome has no effect on Louisa 's study and life ."
From the passage we can learn that Amy lived quite normal life	'Amy has never recovered from the shock
""" The problem is called insomnia . "" Here "" insomnia "" means able go sleep"	'going to sleep easily
What would be the best title for the passage ? Smokers Have Much Worse Everyday Memory	'The Effects That Smoking Has on Health
What do we know from the passage ? People advised use blankets .	'Body temperature rises when we fall asleep
In the Siebel Center , Illinois , technology future today	'computers are everywhere
"Pollution comes in may ways . We can even hear it . Here "" it "" means noise pollution"	'air pollution
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Chocolate making probably big business internationally .	'Scientists are trying to help people find various cacaos .
We learn from the text that jet lag happens when someone flies distant place	'feels hard to sleep and eat
What is the main idea of the passage ? Animals ' behaviors researched applied study military robots .	"'Robots ', "" fooling tricks are applied to the study of animals'behaviors ."
Which of the following best describes the writer 's opinion on joke - telling ? Joke - telling complex thing .	'Nobody knows what makes a joke funny .
Which of the following statements is true ? UK students expected compete students around world .	"'Half UK students are unable to afford the university education in the UK .', ""More UK students choose to study abroad through the EU 's exchange program ."
Why is the pressure of feeding the rising population less than expected according to John ? The increase food production outpaced increase population .	'Birthrates have always been falling less rapidly than we expected .
Which is NOT right ? Peter read .	"""Nancy finds her pen in John 's room ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Distance learning n't suit subjects students .	'The change in fees has had no effect on school - leavers .
This passage mainly talks about travel Li Wan made Tibet	'the challenges Li Wan met in Tibet
What might the novel Black Beauty be about ? It 's beautiful black horse .	"""It 's a success story about Sewell "
Mr. Shafer records mistakes made by radio announcers	'both radio announcers and English learners
What is the purpose of the writer writing the article ? To give information uncommon hotel .	'To describe the temperature inside a hotel .
What 's the best title    for the passage ? Three Meals England	'Nice Food for English people
The key to keeping prices at a reasonable level lies in achieve balance supply demand	'taking more strict measures
It can be inferred from the passage that sleepwalking may passed family	'during a normal sleep 
We can conclude from this passage that job laying eggs takes great strength	'many turtles die while swimming to shore
The writer phoned the insurance agent because eager explore possibilities buying policy	'he wanted to fill out an application
Our government carried out one - child policy before in order to solve population problem	'take care of two old couples
When can chess players take part in the relevant activities ? At 1 p.m. March 12 .	'At 2 p.m. March 2 .
Computerized tests allow the examinee to know their scores immediately exam means computer	'immediately on a central computer for scoring test papers
Some best artists of Britain have been called in to bring art hospitals	'set up new hospitals
What is special about the Rock climbing competition ? You watch without paying .	'A foreign team takes part in it .
To make the Olympic Park green , London applied green building techniques construction work	'recycled 2 million tons of contaminated soil
Which of the following is NOT true about Day trading ? Day traders make small profits without loss .	"'"" Day trading "" was the first completely computerized stock market ."
What is the main idea of this passage ? A teenager named fastest texter US .	'Teenagers in the US make money by texting .
In the passage the author argues that unfair blame English teachers language deficiencies students	'young people would not commit offences against the language if the teachers did their \n jobs properly
What does the passage tell us about professional footballers teeth ? Many players ' poor teeth bother career daily life .	'They have been invested a great deal by individual players .
"The title   for this passage is "" Will Computers Replace Shops And Books"	'Computers Will Do Everything For Man
Which is true about Valentine 's Day according to the text ? Love messages may appear newspapers .	'Girls send cards with their names .
Fact retrieval is a process when the students find answers memory	'calculate answers using pens
Which of the following is NOT true ? Sports make us healthy physically .	'Basketball and volleyball are both collective sports .
From the article , we can know that development toys related science technology	"'only children like to play with toys', ""toys have nothing to do with children 's future life"
What can you do in both Bath and Thinktank Science Museum & Birmingham ? Doing shopping	'Visiting art science centre
The author writes the passage for the purpose of Asking advice	'Calling on mothers to love their children
What does the writer think of being alone properly ? It 's necessary healthy people .	'It makes other people feel upset .
What can we learn from the passage ? Boredom provides children space think freely .	"""It 's much better for children to be busy than be bored ."
Which of the following is true according to the text ? It social problem rather problem brains girls poor maths .	'It seems socially acceptable for a girl not to be able to read and write .
Which of the following about Grand Canyon , Arizona is NOT true ? People enjoy rough rapids river	'A multi - day trip down the Colorado River is really challenging .
The subject for the survey is housework home	'how many women do the housework ?
"What does the writer think about people telling "" white lies "" about their cellphones ? It basically good way protect one 's privacy ."	"""It is a way of signaling that you do n't like the caller ."
What is the writer 's purpose by writing this passage ? To attract students study International Summer School	'To introduce to readers the International Summer School
Why do English people like DIY ? DIY bring fun .	'Many stores sell DIY things .
The best title for this passage is Nigeria Expects Solar Eclipse	'What Is an Eclipse
What do we know about polio according to the text ? Great progress made preventing .	"""It 's now the most serious childhood disease ."
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? The juniper history 3,000 years , thus called Alishan Sacred Tree .	'The place and time of the sunrise are the same despite the changes of the four seasons .
All of the following can be inferred from this passage Except Lukla airport dangerous airport extremely harsh weather	'An inexperienced pilot might have difficulty landing on Kai Tak Airport
In the GreenPlug argument , the magazine Consumer Reports doubts effect GreenPlug	'advocates for the GreenPlug
From the passage , it can be inferred that become stronger meeting solving problems life	'everyone has problems
"We can infer from the text that "" talking bins "" might take place ordinary litter bins Britain"	"'children are most attracted by "" talking bins """
When she rushed into the back garden , Lisa found     son danger losing life	'a boa eating her son
What would be the best title for this passage ? Tricks Job - hunt Success	'Procedures in Searching for a job
What advice does the author give in the passage ? Repeat things slowly possible deaf .	"""Speak at the top of your voice if you ca n't hear others speaking ."
What does the passage mainly tell us ? How dog know one 's expressions .	'How one can know his dog well .
What does the story infer ? Nobody brought umbrella back .	"""Her mother would write to her if she did n't receive the presents ."
The text is mainly about     Wilder 's achievements American movies	"'the background of American movies', ""Wilder 's attitude to American movies"
Why did the guy get angry so easily ? Because bad mood .	"""Because the taxi driver did n't say sorry to him ."
From the passage , we know that we can always find in books . Both fun knowledge .	'the importance of innocence 
What would do harm to students who failed the college entrance examination ? Parents put blame failure .	'Friends 
The passage is mainly about bees agriculture	'bees and their colony
Which of the following is true according to the text ? The British government pays special attention nation 's creativity .	'John Harrison was sure that he would win the prize .
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? Building online empire	'How to get help from an online empire
The text mainly tells us that Japan and the Western world different decision - making styles	'face great difficulty in making decisions
Which of the following statements is FALSE ? The man let woman go home rope , would used catching thieves .	'The two thieves not only failed to steal things but also lost their sweet potatoes .
The author wrote this passage to call people learn Chow	"""introduce Chow 's films"
In spite of Bruce 's warning , the author still cut the tree because n't sure whether Bruce right anxious go home	"""he did n't hear his friend 's warning at all because of the blowing wind"
Johnson 's letter shows repeat dinners may get good service tip bit	'a stranger in a restaurant is likely to tip a bit more
If you want to study English breezily , you should get into the section . Community	'General English
How did the sound come out ? It came fairy 's flying .	'A bee behind the zinnias made the sound .
What are we sure about the old man ? He great sorrow saw next Monday .	'His name was Charlie .
"According to the passage , what does the "" price on carbon pollution "" means ? Taxing companies carbon pollution produce ."	'Telling the taxpayers to refuse to pay taxes on carbon pollution
"What is the similar belief of the true competitors and those with a "" desire to fail "" ? One 's worth lies performance compared others ' ."	"""One 's success in competition needs great efforts ."
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Doha seemed small past recalled Salim .	'Old Doha is characterized by rising skyscrapers .
When did the author begin to notice the positive sides of her tragedy ? After diagnosed colon cancer .	'After she was diagnosed with breast cancer .
"How to understand the sentence "" There was a chance in a million that she might be right . "" ? There little possibility suggested , though little ."	'She had no chance to meet his brother any more .
According to the passage , which is Huang Lei 's opinion ? He thinks us keep better nature never let disappear .	"""He does n't believe the good characteristic is lost as we grow older in this stressed - out society ."
This passage wants to introduce new way study English grammar	'criticize the traditional way of learning grammar
The passage mainly talks about aging problem China	'an aging society
If you want to pay a short visit to the States , you should get a M-1 visa	'F-1 visa
The proportion of older people increase much faster China France	'is bigger in developed countries than in developing countries
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? We find answers .	"'A genius needs to learn and think .', ""Einstein 's advice is to use our brain more ."
Which is NOT a reason for young people to take a gap year ? Parents encourage live free wealthy life .	'Young people want to take a break from studying .
It can be inferred from the passage that Maine 's puffin nearly became extinct	"""Maine 's puffins ' eggs were of high prices"
According to the passage , what hit the writer most ? Phil ate rest Ricky 's food .	"""Phil was n't afraid of the storm ."
What does Steve Nash mean by saying the last two sentences ? A player wo n't succeed without team 's support .	"""A player 's success is decided by his / her individual efforts ."
While watching TV with others , women Usually talk a lot because they think good time develop relationships	'can both talk and watch the screen at the Same time
What does Para . 4 mainly talk about ? How avoid bad conditions Mars .	'How to build homes on Mars .
"Which of the following situations is now suitable for using the phrase "" skeleton in the closet "" ? You done crime done something foolish , want keep others 
 discovering ."	'You have stolen something precious and hide them in the closet .
Suzy Jordan decorated a tree to show admiration Emily Austin	'help Emily realize her dream
Country music kind music important America	'is a kind of folk music
Which of the followings is NOT a benefit of 3 G 's high Internet connection speed ? Calls within China Mobile network cost 0.13 yuanper minute .	'Music and games can be downloaded more easily .
Why did the writer continue to walk Misty while Joe was in hospital ? The walk provided spiritual comfort .	"""Misty could n't live without her"
What is the first step to get the gift card ? Sign Plink .	'Link a credit or debit card .
"What would be the best title for the passage ? The words "" well done "" useful pay rise"	'Several ways to make workers work hard
From the whole passage , we can know that pupils stay home alternative classrooms found	"""St Mary 's Catholic Technology College had no trouble finding enough classrooms"
What does the passage mainly present ? An introduction social robots .	'A new design idea of household robots .
The engineer showed people the 3D printer to introduce technology find changes	'print statues for them
The book Speaking of Speech by Charles LeBeau is mainly intended for non - native English speakers	'native English speakers only
Which of the following would be the best title of the passage ? Summer Term School Life .	'The School of Life in London .
The black dress will be probably suitable for you on condition that there are no dark areas shadows face	'wrinkles on your face
The passage is mainly meant to tell us climate change affects people worldwide	'how global warming leads to changes in the climate
The writer of the passage would probably agree that rich fare share responsibilities	'it costs nothing to help children in Africa
Which is right according to the passage ? We play soccer playground friends .	"'Lots of people play soccer . Only young people can play it well .', 'When we play soccer ', ' we can throw the ball .', ""If you do n't like to play with a ball "
The story is mainly about sending prints pigeon	'Felton 
The old man likes country	"""does n't like Mr and Mrs Green"
Who wants to play computer games ? Peter .	'Barry
If you want to see wildlife on foot , you should go to South Luangwa National Park .	'Serengeti National Park .
How does Hamilton hope people will be affected by her story ? hopes people inspired encouraged	'she hopes more people will take up surfing .
If you are planning to explore the ocean depths , you should attend your lessons at Monday Friday:6:30 p.m.--8:30 p.m.	'24 hour from Monday to Sunday
What 's more important for senior school students ? Reading writing .	'Speaking and writing .
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT TRUE ? The main purpose work inspire young people serve communities .	'She finds it challenging to get all of the supplies she needs with limited money .
Why do the people think that Halloween is the children 's New Year 's Eve ? Because day children dress special costumes eat lot go bed late celebrating .	"'Because Halloween comes the day before All Saints Day .', ""Because on that day children can go to others ' homes ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to the text ? The author met Bronsil Metz small town New York .	'The author was surprised to find a Pearl Harbor survivor .
Help Me Hear Foundation was probably set up to offer real help poor deaf children	"'build schools for deaf children', ""research deaf children 's behavior"
The text is mainly about Isabella Stewart Gardner museum	'how Isabella Gardner realized her dream of being an artist
The passage is written mainly to advise readers read books	'share the pleasure of reading books
What does this passage tell us ? Paul careful spend $ 25 restaurant .	"'Paul and his father hate eating in restaurant .', ""Mr. Jackson 's favorite food is English food ."
The best title for this passage is Medication Cure Smoking Addiction	'How to Cure Smoking Addiction
If the water 's acidity level keeps rising , ocean life whose structures contain calcium carbonate may affected	"'organisms living near the surface are more sensitive to pH changes', ""the waters ' pH value will become higher and higher"
What is the best title of the passage ? Why n't move chair ?	"""Is n't there a better alternative ?"
Zhang Heng and his team opened a micro blog account for the dog just because dog encouraged wanted people know story	'the dog is very cute and friendly
We can learn from this passage that man 's son n't agree man 's first decision	"""the man does n't like keeping a cat"
What amazed Chinese netizens according to the text ? The girls ' creativity .	"""The girls ' poor marks ."
The study done by researchers aimed at learning about    bad effects sugar people 's health	'the advantages and disadvantages of sugar
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? There boys public schools .	'There are only boys in some private schools .
According to the passage , Camfed Ghana 's first Girls ' Career Camp is program help poor girls ambition	'a program to help poor girl students to get university education
What is mainly talked about in the passage ? Dogs trained assist Alzheimer 's patients .	"'The idea of dementia dogs was developed by students .', ""British people with Alzheimer 's are in poor condition ."
Which of the following is true of Spaceship One ? The purpose flight compete prestigious space travel prize .	"""Spaceship One is the world 's first spacecraft ."
"What can we learn from the passage ? If need medicine , make symbol "" II "" ."	"'Swinging your arm from side to side means "" yes "" .', 'If the ground is dark ', "" light smoke ca n't be seen ."
"Which of the following descriptions about "" double single - child couples "" is True ? They single child either family dependent parents"	'They are single child in either family and independent of their parents
The passage tells us that Jean Tirole highly praised Chairman committee	'has studied the economics in Sweden
Which of the following is TRUE ? The educators research think studies , exercise , mean much students .	'Being mentally active is good for academic subjects .
What was true about Ernie 's Pet World ? The shop busy .	'Kyle went there often .
What does the passage tell us ? Rain popular star	'Rain is a popular designer
Which of the following is TRUE ? Mary wants friends China .	'Mary can speak a little Chinese .
Which of the following statements is true ? George Saxon supports company 's research innovation .	'300 participants are attending the two - day academic conference .
According to the passage we can infer junk food contributes childhood obesity	"'obesity explosion in China will affect the United States', ""there are great difference in kids ' food choices now"
Who might be interested in this passage ? Those care environment .	'Those who love Ferrari sports cars .
Which of the following is NOT the reason why the author wrote this passage ? He thought time help disabled children .	"""He hated to see Jordan become someone else 's target ."
What does Greenpeace try to do ? To protect environment .	"'To help poor children .', ""To change people 's ideas ."
"What does the writer think about the term "" PK ' ? Online game players may know ."	"""Fathers can ' t possibly know it ."
Many people answer the advertisement because they wanted sell pearl high price	'to see the perfect pearl
The author writes the passage mainly to advocate teaching literature touch heart	'introduce classic works of literature
Which of the following sentences is True ? Fiona decides stay ugly loves Shrek .	"'Fiona decides to stay ugly because she wants to marry Farquaad .', ""Fiona decides to stay ugly because she ca n't become beautiful again ."
According to the passage , Victoria Rideout would probably agree that kids homework place without disturbance	'kids should do homework while surfing the Internet
We can conclude that Einstein contributed invention atomic bomb	'assisted with the invention of atomic bomb
The author intends to tell us that true happiness comes spiritual riches	"""big houses are people 's most valued possessions"
When a woman marries in Korea , she continues use family name	"""uses her husband 's given name"
Which of the following statements is true ? At meetings Toastmasters , members give speech also advice .	'The best way to improve is to practice public speaking in an unfriendly environment .
We can infer that man intelligent monkey	'the monkey is lazier than the mule
Which is not right ? My uncle lazy factory	'My uncle works very hard in the factory
"In "" Dream World Cup "" , the children drew the flags of some countries show good wishes football teams"	'to show their love for their owe country
We can infer from the first letter that Joan 's friends visit often accept	"'Joan considers her friends more important than her privacy', ""Joan does n't like the parties at all"
Which is NOT true ? Lucy likes popular music much .	'There are some red and yellow flowers in the garden .
We can infer from the passage that     Australians n't like show success others .	'Australians like to criticize themselves and others .
When the accident happened , the other car was front Lee 's car	"""behind Lee 's car"
The musicians ' conversation at the beginning is to show that different people different attitudes	"""musicians ' living conditions are not good"
We can learn from this passage that one end Grand Valley Colorado Utah	'Lake Baikal is the biggest lake in the world
Why does the satellite move around the world at the same speed as the Earth rotates ? In order stay certain position orbit .	'In order to move away from its orbit .
Which is both healthy and profitable way for schools to earn money ? The walk - - thons .	'The bake sales .
According to this passage we know that games long history	'people began to play about one hundred years ago
The emphasis of health has shifted nowadays because people enjoy better conditions living live longer	'people pay more attention to their physical health 
What would be the best title for the passage ? Movie magic	'Organic ice cream
The author believes that feeling pain part life	'pain should be avoided at all costs
A good agent can help you get right accommodation quickly	'find cheap accommodation
According to the passage , reading can help people in many ways EXCEPT improving health	'learning English better
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Faust 's desire improvement willingness try new ideas given success .	'Faust was born in the north of the US .
The man kidnaps Clay park	"""on Clay 's way home"
The best title for this passage is Which Hand	"""Scientists ' New Inventions"
"The helpers in the book "" Magnificent Obsession "" were not rewarded because solved problems secretly"	"""they had n't solved the problems thoroughly"
From Para . 3 , we can learn that Vice President Xi visited Lowa many years ago , governor	'will visit New York 
We can learn from the passage that etymologists discover possible origin words	'help detectives to solve mysterious murders
It can be inferred from the passage that author earns living writing stories .	'the author is a fat but good - looking woman .
The conductor told the old man that he did n't need to buy another ticket because believed old man	'the man was very old
These statements may be Michelle Obama 's opinion EXCEPT girls developing countries greater potential boys	'girls have the same right to receive higher education
Both Sophie and her grandfather used to help Grandma make apple pies	'spend summer afternoons in the orchard
What does the writer want to tell us with this story ? The best way pay back kindness pass .	'The best way to make friends is to help him or her .
"The author writes this passage mainly to introduce new kind "" green "" car"	'teach people how to drive a hybrid car
It costs more to live in the country because food costs small shops	'the men who mend the television have to come by bus
What can we learn about customers and retail assistants in Germany ? They may say thank .	"'A customer never says thank you to a retail assistant .', ""It 's always a retail assistant who says thank you ."
The experiments done by some scientists showed that physical exercise harmful effect hearts untrained patients	'some male patients were asked to ride bicycles regularly in the experiments
What measures will carmakers take to deal with the situation mentioned in the passage ? They open rental services cars future .	'They will improve the quality of the cars .
Which of the following is TRUE ? People past usually stopped studying graduating college .	"""Ann does n't want to use the information she learned at college ."
The following is true EXCEPT reporter knew way find important .	'The banker thought any visitor to the White House was really important .
Every month the club provides a free club magazine in order to keep readers well informed recent bestselling books	'let readers know the number of books to be sold
Why are children who get enough sleep also victims ? Because teaching driven sleep - deprived students	'Because they are disturbed by sleep - deprived students
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Most independent stores closed New Year 's Day UK .	"""Branches of Monmouth 's cafe can be found all over the UK ."
Why did China use its veto power this time ? Because China opposes use threat force achieve regime change countries .	'Because Russia and China are friends .
What question might a reader still have about this product ? How radio placed shower ?	'How can I know the service fee ?
Why do some people dislike the GM plants ? The GM foods may harm human body .	'The GM foods have terrible taste .
What is the best way to protect children from improper material ? To talk children persuade tell right wrong .	'To be nearby when the children are surfing the Internet .
What is the students'opinion about the argument ? They hope lecturers set exams soon possible .	"""They think it 's wrong that the lecturers ask for the better pay ."
Which one of the following has nothing to do with the Dutch ? Germans moved United States called Dutch .	"'The expression "" to talk to someone like a Dutch uncle "" ."
Which of the following is NOT right ? Randy visiting professor Carnegie Mellon .	"""Randy 's children are still young ."
What has made foodie culture more popular , according to the article ? The use cameras social media .	'The convenience of getting different food .
When you have a sleepover at Legoland Discovery Centre at the Trafford Centre , you ca n't have access to Lego City Deep Sea Exploration	'Lego City Forest Pursuit
The reading does not say but we can infer old teacher fit teach girl	"""the girl 's mother had only one child"
We are told that divorce rarely considered people think protecting environment .	'divorced households will use fewer resources than married households
It can be inferred from Para.3 that comments Shakespeare 's works produced good effects	"""scholars have successfully collected facts about Shakespeare 's life"
In a period of inflation , people are likely to spend money soon possible	'put much money on the stock market
What does this text mainly talk about . Why cats like climb trees .	"""Why cats ca n't climb down a tree ."
The passage mainly tells us autumn great time fruit vegetables	'why people need to eat an apple each day .
The writer tells us a story at the beginning to explain men making effort create language shared	'explain why men now speak different languages
From the passage , we can infer that author grandson loved much	"""Bryan 's parents separated so he had to live with his grandma"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Over two thirds families world TV 2013 .	"""The world 's TV sets will total 150 million by 2013 ."
To engage boy in a class , the teacher better move constantly teaching	'must have a moving object in this hand
We can infer from the story that tariffs important factor foreign trade	'China lacks fruit
Which of the following is NOT included in Mr Obama 's speech ? The reason rising oil prices .	'The dependence on imported oil .
"When the "" free trial "" deadline is over , you 'll be charged without notice for a product or service if fail cancel within specified period"	'you happen to reveal your credit card number
Princess Diana paid a visit to Angola in 1997 voice support total ban landmines	"""to clarify the British government 's stand on landmines"
According to the passage , the true statement is All nicknames increase charm Los Angeles	'Los Angeles was built after the Italian city of Venice
After reading this passage , we can know that Robin Cook could played important role British politics resigned	'the British government could have prevented the war on Iraq from happening
Which of the following statements is TRUE about the photography in the 19th century ? Photographers used make film developed immediately taking photo .	'It was mainly based on the invention of the first photograph .
We can learn from the passage that mealtimes four restaurants different	'you can drink free wine in Mellow Mushroom
What shop does Mrs Smith go to first ? The Electrical Shop .	"""The Men 's Clothing Shop ."
Which of the following is not true according to the advertisement ? Dolls display Depot Museum And Children 's Discovery Center .	"""Interactive exhibits are offered in the Woodlands Children 's Museum ."
The streets running from north to south are called avenues New York	'streets in America
We learn from this passage that in the 19th century women spent greater part lives raising	'there were more children in the world than there are today
What does the writer mainly talk about in this passage ? The efforts American Red Cross Yale help tsunami victims .	'A charity concert to help tsunami victims .
Which of the following is TRUE about the robot ? It move forward , pick one object put one location .	'It can move forward and backward and pick up two objects at the same time .
According to the passage , children with high IQs may lack qualities essential geniuses	'are more likely to be geniuses than those with low IQs
We know on her first day at school , the author hoped could make new friends	'only knew a few people at her school
We can know a person 's feeling through our eyes because person 's feeling reflected body languages	"""we can see a person 's feeling on his face"
According to the passage , which is NOT true among the following statements ? After hard work , gets marks 110 points .	'Lin chose to face his problems .
Prof . Murray and Dr. Minor became friends mainly because They common interest words	'Minor recovered with the help of Murray
Which of the following is the result of early rising ? All .	'People can get ready for their work .
It can be inferred from the passage that   . cheated hurt online tend feel lonely	'FindSomeone is a website where you can find old friends
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in this passage ? How much pay course .	'Basic reading skills .
The writer used a lot of questions at the beginning to lead topic passage	'ask the reader for their own opinions about games
We can infer from the passage that The new color1 universe n't named .	"'.the color1 of the universe was not the main problem the scientists studied for .', 'the color1 of the universe is turquoise ', "" but now it 's turned into milky white          gradually ."
We can learn from the story that Stanley clever humorous man	'Stanley wore glasses when the accident happened
This passage is mainly about Sick children animal treatment	'Sick children and doctors
What can be inferred from the passage ? Most likely monster Nessie exist .	'Most eye - witnesses are just playing tricks on tourists .
The information under RETRUNING CUSTOMERS is for those experienced BooksFirst online shopping	"'who have forgotten their BooksFirst account numbers', ""who have n't got their BooksFirst account numbers"
What do we know about the first study ? Participants could tell players ' feelings seeing full picture .	'The participants were divided into four groups .
From the story we know McCarty born poor family near University Southern Mississippi	"'everyone was surprised because they thought McCarty had no education', ""washers and dryers brought a change in McCarty 's life"
How did one of the grandchildren find the watch ? He made noise followed ticking sound .	'He cleaned the barn carefully again .
What is implied according to the passage ? It wrong husbands share duties home women respected family life .	"""The writer really approves of the present situation of the wives ' position at home ."
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Alibaba.com probably offered Yahoo stake operating asset .	'Alibaba Group will pay the 40 % stake owned by Yahoo in three different ways .
Which is most likely to happen according to the first letter ? The new employee punished .	'Nate Borges will take legal action against Ms Morris .
To understand your abilities and how to use them in your life , you should calculate your Expression number	'Life Path number
The author wrote the article in order to remember father	'praise her father
What 's the best title for this passage ? Mo Yan Wins Nobel Prize Literature	'How Mo Yan Gets Nobel Prize
From this text we can know that young man carried promise	'the young lent money to the poor
This passage is written mainly to tell us expressions water meanings	'the use of water
What 's the best title for the text ? Teenager Cancer Researcher	"'Intel International Science and Engineering Fair', ""Jack Andraka 's Fights Against Cancer"
Which of the following statements can we infer from the passage ? It n't first time Sam came late work .	"""Many lose life 's battles for they are lacking in a sense of humor ."
What will probably be discussed next ? What activities people take celebrate Teacher 's Day .	"""How Teacher 's Day became popular in the world ."
It can be learned that playing game , Jones lost weight	'in West Virginia 25 % of the children were too fat
Dr. Sheldon Cohen 's experiment shows that social support reduce risk cold	'hugs can hide serious illness symptoms
Which toy means the people you can trust ? The toy one hole one ear .	'The toy has holes in one ear and the mouth
Both experiments show that Rico recognize different things including toys	'Rico is smart enough to get all commands right
What can we learn from the passage ? His mother gave money bought first bike .	'The first bike was a gift from his mother .
Parents will be able to deal with their child more effectively if they avoid direct ways punishment	'argue and fight with their child
The best title of the passage can be Mystery Monarch butterflies	"'Family of Monarch butterflies', ""Monarch butterflies ' birthplace"
We can safely say this story is about close relationship maid dog	'a magic dog
In a football match team A gets 1 point and team B gets 3 points , then team B wins	'team A wins
Working gives women chances play important role society	'the chance to receive more education than men
What can we know from the passage ? The menu often changes always something different .	'A typical English breakfast is eggs 
Which of the following statements is true ? COSMEO helps kids learn effective way .	'American kids have a tendency to study at home .
The purpose of Dan Bebber 's research was to find diseases insects harmful crops going towards colder areas	'if organisms were moving to the north and south poles
At last the passenger was satisfied air hostess	'unhappy with the air hostess
What is the main idea of the passage ? To introduce possible sports wheelchair users .	'To introduce some products to the wheelchair users .
What is the article mainly about ? Health problems caused use phones	'Tips on the use of phones
The private university students have to pay more money for tuition because government support private universities	'no companies support the private universities
It is understood that in a favorable climate tree rings grow far apart	'tree rings grow together
Which of the following is TRUE ? The sky dark blue go top highest mountains .	'There is little air without light and colors in the sky .
It can be inferred from the text that The woman four small children satisfied grateful	"""The author did n't think there would be any patients on Christmas Day"
What can soccer players do ? Kick ball .	'Throw the ball .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The publisher book Riding Bullet willing work King larger size .	"""King 's e - mail was an instant success ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? The use skin - diving fun .	'Skin - diving is a new sport .
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the text ? Rebecca died mistakes happened operation	"'Rebecca most probably died of bleeding', ""Rebecca was her parents ' third child"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? A typhoon happen wind goes faster 30 meters second .	'The warmer the air gets 
The neighbour asked the judge whether first cow responsible	'whether the owner of the first cow was responsible
What view does the author hold about translation ? Proper translation tough humans .	'Some machines will interpret our world properly .
The writer asked his friends to count from one to twenty because wanted friends think wanted record	'he wanted to find out whether the tape recorder was working
Using the rear part of the brain to make decisions , teenagers are less able think results decisions	'more likely to make some funny decisions
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? People send messages gods lighting blowing candles .	'The gods celebrate their birthdays by lighting candles .
".Why does Harrington think the""secial boad""theory may be wrong ? Wolves sometimes quarrels howling together ."	'Wolves separate from each other after howling .
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Fu Xiaoyu 's parents ca n't earn enough money send school .	'Huang Ruoqing and Zhang Linna talked with 29 children this summer during their research .
The sales of construction sets are decreasing because      . aimed boys easily attracted video games	'they are not healthy toys for children
Which of the following is NOT true ? Diana wants teacher supermarket make money .	"""Diana 's mother is deaf ."
Which of the following statements is not true of Fred Hasbrook ? Fred Hasbrook 's self - respect great effect author .	"""Fred Hasbrook was one of the author 's regular customers ."
Who finally made the other falcon fly freely in the sky ? The farmer .	'The king .
Why did the University set up the StarCraft class ? Because students learn important skills .	'Because many students like it .
The passage mainly tells us American youth know living happy life	'how to have a happy family
Which of the following statements is True according to the passage ? Mr. Johnson 's car accident partly due icy road .	"""Mr. Johnson 's car stood on its boot as it fell down ."
"How does Beth Truman think of the "" wugging "" ? It makes giving charity easy ."	"'It is easier to search for information .', ""It stresses the importance of charity in people 's daily lives ."
Which sentence is right according to the text ? The friends Sam 's wife eat fish .	"""Sam does n't like eating fish at all ."
During the first three months of the experiment by researchers at the University of California , rats healthy food diet performed better simple tasks junk food diet	'rats from the healthy diet group ate nothing but corn and fish
Mr White has to get up when his wife is sleeping in the morning because go work	"""he ca n't fall asleep"
The author mentions Singapore to point out that Singapore also problems security	"""Singapore is n't rich in natural resources"
Archaeologists discovered prehistoric human bones Zhoukoudian	'thought that the findings in Zhoukoudian are the first evidence of human life in Asia
It can be inferred from the passage that the author adult come understand father 's love	'is a teenage boy who hates his father
Which activity is offered only on Wednesday according to the ads ? Rain - barrel workshop	'Garden of small inventions
Kid 's Yards is started protect wildlife	'established in national park
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Ronald Green doubts future successful birth - called cloned embryo .	'Dcotor Severino Antinori is strongly opposed to cloning human begins .
Which of the following is not among highlights of Geneva Tourist Guide ? Chances visit Geneva galleries without paying money .	'Information about both expensive and cheap hotels in Geneva .
Tom would dance on a wooden plate held by a person who was eight feet tall because difference would make Tom look even smaller	'the wooden plate would make it sound as if Tom were tap dancing
What will the person say if he feels sorry for what he has said ? I really put foot mouth time .	'Do not bad mouth me .
Which of the following statements about the author is WRONG ? drop - outs author 's village .	'The author has many dreams in his life .
According to the author , opposite makes word complete	'not every word has its opposite word
Which of following is NOT a benefit of regular family meals ? They provide girls chance getting control food .	'They decrease the trend towards extreme weight control behaviors
When and where will the 2014European Athletics Championships be held ? In August , Zurich	'In March 
What were the people planning to do before the tsunami struck their village ? Celebrate rice harvest .	'Burn the rice crop .
""" Food Street "" was part activity English Art Festival"	'a street for students to sell food along
What 's the best title of the passage ? My Mother 's Desk	'My letter to Mother
The best title for the passage is Time Management Mistakes	'A Time Management Speaker
If you stand 200 meters away from a man who is firing a gun to start a race , you will find out that sound travel fast light	'the sound will reach you before the man fires
What is the best title for the passage ? Military Training Fire	'A Policy Made by the Ministry of Education
What is the main idea of the passage ? Fifty - one Impressionists ' paintings display Beijingas part Year France .	"'Monet is the leading figure in the creation of Impressionism .', ""The show of fifty - one Impressionists ' paintings will move on to Shanghai and Hong Kong ."
What was the original purpose of Relay for Life ? To help American Cancer Society .	'To encourage people to run more .
A neuroscientist may worry that sites like Facebook may make real conversation real time give way easier faster screen dialogue	'help children learn to make real relationships with people in society
What stopped the American economy from collapsing in 2007 ? Effective measures adopted government .	'Self - regulatory repair mechanisms of the free market .
Doctors have proved the following EXCEPT that    laughter tolerated	'there is a way to reduce pain
What is the main purpose of the text ? To introduce status spaceflight industry .	'To predict a change in the space market .
What do the four camps have in common ? All provide accommodation .	'Teens can go to amusement parks for free .
According to the passage , which of the following is not the reason why Americans are becoming interested in learning Chinese ? China become largest economy country world .	'China is a leading consumer 
Why were many honors given to Louis Pasteur ? Because great success scientist .	'Because he was the greatest scientist in the world .
We can learn from the text that scholars disagree baby - training programs	'people used to think the world is known to babies
In which way will you not get tickets if you do n't book in advance ? Big City Savers	'Monthly Returns
Where can one go to buy some works of art ? Scottsdale Civic Center Park .	"'The Phoenix Zoo', ""The Children 's Museum of Phoenix ."
According to the passage , Jose Haro went obvious effect music recovery	'was asked to play the piano with the background music
. The author learns from the Hans Brinker 's experience that never talk books given gifts	'give others books as gifts
Which of the following applies to the management of human resources in American companies ? They see gaining skills employees ' business .	'They hire people at the lowest cost with   ly best skills .
This passage was written mainly for people want improve memories	'computer designers who need to memorize a lot of information
Why can illegal businesses operate on the Internet ? Because one charge Internet .	'Because some people like to buy banned products on the Internet .
What is the main idea of the passage ? What purposes library serve computer age ?	'The e - book and the library
By writing the text , the author mainly wants to tell us importance Music Development	'persuade us to send our children to music schools
This passage is mainly about event police cleared Hong Kong protest sites	'Hong Kong businesses hit by nearly two months of illegal street occupations
When was New Year 's Day about five hundred years ago in France ? On April 1st .	'Between April 1st and April 25th .
In the writer 's view , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Achieving ZPG bad senior citizens .	"'Not everyone agrees that achieving ZPG is absolutely good .', ""Achieving ZPG is every country 's aim in spite of its side effects ."
What is the passage mainly about ? Christmas music calling changes updating	'People love to listen to original Christmas music
16-year - old drivers have more accidents possibly because never experienced drivers	'older people always drive better
The passage is mainly about necessity protecting whales	'the number of humpback whales
According to the passage , the jelly maker is the author 's mother - - law	"""author 's mother"
"We can learn from the passage that "" working drawings "" refers to plans details actual construction"	"""the architect 's rough drawings and directions"
From the passage we can know that London topped List World 's Tourist Destinations 2012	'Bangkok defeated London by a wide margin
Which of the following presidents did worst when he was in power according to the recent study ? George W. Bush	'John F. Kennedy .
From the passage we can infer   that Tim afraid blood .	'decided to give up his doctor career .
What mistake did Mr. King make ? He thought would able read glasses even could n't read .	"""He did n't try on all the glasses in the shop ."
According to the writer , which of the following is Not true ? When get plane find right city center .	'It is cheaper to travel by train than by plane .
It can be inferred from the text that IWFU simple way get touch friends online	'only your IWFU friends can understand you
What can you learn from the article ? The Earth Pledge may environmental organization .	"'Green roofs will take the place of all asphalt or tar ones .', ""It 's better to live on the top floor because of the green roofs ."
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? It bad tempered mother caused thief lose control purse .	"""The pickpocket did n't know English and had no idea what I was saying ."
By sharing the story , the author wants to convey a message that kind act cheer us	'the old man set us an example
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Those scored high pessimism might higher risk dementia .	'There are many ways to prevent dementia effectively .
What does the author mainly want to tell us in this passage ? Learning face challenge .	'Winning gold medals is important .
What do we know from this story ? The school n't far Mary 's house .	"'Mary was a kind -hearted girl .', ""Mary 's mother had never been to the school ."
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? Bruce Alberts ' opinion science education	'Bruce Alberts 
What does Alice do on Tuesday afternoon ? She plays basketball school .	'She plays the violin at school .
"The best title for the passage is ""   The origin moon cakes"	'Moon cakes and the Moon Festival
Why is there such a trend of having medical cosmetic surgery according to Ding Xiaobang ? All .	'People become richer .
Prime Minister David Cameron feels a little bit comfortable for many Polish French think highly	'only a score of 37 percent of the Britons go against him
What does the whole passage mainly tell us ? Why many older students go college America .	'What older students in college can learn .
This passage is written to introduce new way help protect wild animals	'protect the endangered animals
The passage mainly tells us about new way search life outside earth	'a new way to work on the computer
What is the text mainly about ? Job - seekers displayed windows hoping get hired .	'It is hard for qualified professionals to get a job .
Why does Mr Black immediately ask to change places ? Because Mr Black wants young man young woman sit together	'Because the young man asks him to
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? The Homeless Person	'A Poor Dog
Why could n't the author stand to owe her parents ' money ? She could n't bear parents ' difficult state finance .	'She thought it would be embarrassing to seek help from the old .
What is the passage mainly about ? Some choices monitoring controlling kid 's internet use	"'More and more kids have mobile internet access', ""It is difficult to monitor and control kid 's internet use"
What is the best title for the story ? Catching Crabs	'Father and Son
From the passage we can infer that deaf must special teachers teach	'there is still no way to communicate with the deaf
Which of the following is WRONG ? We learn Chinese history action movies .	'Bob and Frank are good friends .
What is the main reason for newspapers in the USA increasing so fast in the 1830s ? Advances printing papermaking technology .	'Newspapers began to take on a central role in national affairs .
Why are children unwilling to talk to their parents when they grow older ? Because n't think parents understand well .	'Because their parents are too busy to listen .
The writer has many friends and their wish is housework	'to ask others to do their housework
Who might be the target readers of the passage ? People like drinking	'People who have suffered a stroke
Medical tourism is so popular nowadays partly because medical treatment expensive countries	'aged patients prefer to travel
The headmaster thinks the school should offer healthy choices kids	'offer a better life to kids
According to the passage , what three components does the best speech combine ? Informing , persuading entertaining .	'Informing 
Which of the following statements is true according to the ad ? If tourist wants learn something park , go internet .	'If you have season tickets 
Which of the following statements about Alexis is NOT true ? She made lot friends .	'She is accepted by the Mensa Club .
The story is about origin special day mothers	'President Wilson and Anna Jarvis
By reading the text , how do you feel about the communication of the world today ? It gets easier .	'People who are in different parts can understand each other easier .
It can be inferred from the passage that organic foods cost necessarily better conventionally grown foods	'most doctors believe organic foods prevent disease or provide other benefits to health
The author agrees that American football rich history	"""is world 's most popular sport"
What would be the best title for the passage ?    The burden gifted	"""A genius ' craziness for books"
Which of the following is NOT true according to this passage ? In 1970s 1980s scientist research two main types twins .	'In the week of tests 
What did the writer learn from her dream ? She must struggle , however difficult life .	'Keeping balance is important for a bike learner .
Why did some rival coaches take their teams away from the floor before Power warmed up ? Their teams would lose courage .	'Their teams refused to play Power .
According to the text , which of the following statements is true ? Male birds ways fooling birds .	"'At first the writer is happy to be up so early in the morning .', ""It 's easier for the birds to find food early in the morning ."
For what did the passenger train stop ? To put fire .	'To let the passengers jump out .
"Which of the following is NOT TRUE ? "" I "" n't like winter thanks snow ."	"'"" I "" like people to pick the apples ."
From the story we know John clever boy	'John didn`t like Uncle Tom`s gift
The text mainly tell us face changes friendship	'that childhood friendship is valuable
Theater managers will often ask people to turn off their phones because making phone calls often affects others play	"""people are often against the manager 's advice during a play"
According to the passage , the writer thinks that drivers think problems winter driving	'people should not drive in the snow
The article is mainly about color red British culture	'the metaphor of red in the English language
What is the best title for the passage ? Something Facebook .	'Facebook and eBay .
What does the author think of homeschooling ? It offer kids suits needs .	"""It should n't be encouraged at all ."
One of the factors why there are more disabled veterans is that     . scale disabilities broadened	'veterans have suffered much more than ever
To avoid traffic jams , we are advised to do the following EXCEPT change lanes frequently	'get traffic news before leaving
Which of the following about Tayka Hotel de Sal is TRUE ? It located old lake .	'The hotel is the cheapest among the four hotels .
The boy began to cry before the painting because Both B C	'he thought it was his painting
What did the writer think of the army before Ron joined ? Joining army good choice could n't afford college education .	"'Joining the army was more beneficial than going to college .', ""Joining the army was meant risking one 's life for something important "
The main reason for one 's poor memory is that     memory often used	"'he does not use his arms or legs for some time', ""he ca n't read or write"
The writer may hold the opinion that millions people go work without tie	'Blair is the best leader in the world
From this story we know    proper gestures help understand	'people can only understand the language of words
It seemed that teachers parents satisfied students food	'the food made by the students was not well received
Before 1817 deaf people in America could simple communication within home	"""could n't even communicate with their parents at home"
When he came into the room , the people did n't look at him . Why ? Because Mr Smith wore old clothes .	"""Because the people did n't ask him to come ."
From this article we know that fact , Sept.11 attack nothing Hollywood films .	'Hollywood is a filmmaking center making films of violence and disasters
Which of the following might be the best title for the passage ? An Important Source Energy .	'Petroleum and Its Uses .
Which is the best title for the passage ? Big Cities	'Exciting Places to live
The boy comes into the restaurant 12 o'clock	'with the man
What is NOT the influence that the global financial crisis has brought us ? People begin spend money without second thought .	"""China 's exports and investments have been seriously affected ."
Which of the following statements about DH can we get from the introduction ? It well describing interesting neighborhood America .	'The housewives join in the same job interview .
From the passage we know that takes 65 procedures make new money	'banks make new money
What can you infer about Jennifer Lopez and Catherine Zeta Jones ? They popular women , much worthy wife	'They are the secret lovers of the woodcutter
You are advised not to talk too much about a stressful situation in advance because good kids	'your kids may not feel stressed
What can we infer from the text ? The article may appeared newspaper Mandela 's birthday .	"'Mandela is a very skilled politician', ""Most articles specially stressed Mandela 's shortcomings ."
In the article , the author intends to tell us Dickens ' novels still appeal readers modern times	"""that Dickens ' works are no longer popular among young people"
The Angel perfume has been described as delicious because of chocolatey scent	'its spicy scent
What is the best title for this passage ? Campaign Against Fur Clothing	'Fur Industry
Why did Helen let the second bird fly away ? Because Helen realized bird wanted freedom much .	'Because Helen hated the bird .
From this passage , which of the following statement is TRUE ? We travel Chengdu Jiuzhaigou along different routes .	"'Pingwu Hotel is the only choice for foreign guests in Pingwu .', ""We 'd better pay the entrance fee twice in Jiuzhaigou ."
How are the old and new houses the same ? Neither electricity , lights running water .	'Both of them have roofs made of corrugated iron .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? People watch primarily entertainment shows may come believe people world rich beautiful .	'Those who watch news and educational programs can earn a lot of money and become very pretty .
Which of the following does not change the world for the better ? Eating delicious meal	'Telling friends that their lives are better
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? America 's Major Tourist Attractions	'Welcome to Trip Advisor
"Why does the passage say "" Peace and quiet are becoming harder to find "" ? The world making noise ."	'Sounds of over 140 decibels are common these days .
According to the passage we can know that old man still loved wife really .	"""the wife did n't love her husband at all ."
Barry Day thinks homework unnecessary because n't think homework helpful education	"""most people do n't think homework should be given"
The passage suggests that it is better to start a long race slowly run fast beginning	'than to run at the same speed all the time
What is the author 's purpose in writing this passage ? To stress importance food Italians .	"'To introduce different Italian local foods .', ""To show Italians ' children education ."
What 's the best way to solve the biggest problem of vandalism ? To make people know information value historic sites .	'Every country spends more money looking after these places often .
Which of the following can be inferred from this passage ? Psychologists much answer today 's problems child care .	'Victorian child rearing is a model for parents to follow .
Tiger Moms and French Mamas are mentioned in the passage to introduce topic	'give an example of authoritarian parenting
The author takes Albert Einstein as an example to support idea clearer thinking comes messy environment	'tell the fact that Einstein was well - known for his untidy desks
This passage is mainly about problems studying abroad	'the dream of studying abroad
Mr. and Mrs. Gao love their son because boy clever	'he likes to go to school
.Which position is open to recent school graduates ? Accountants Assistant .	'Producer 
An excellent teacher knows manage everything happens work	'how the reward as a teacher will come
The writer wrote this passage to explain dog kisses dogs	'tell us how to raise dogs
What is this passage mainly about ? Thin people may fat inside .	'Internal fat is of no importance .
From the passage we can know Morris gets up to make neighborhood pleasant place live	'paint pictures on walls and help catch criminals
We can learn from the text that hydrogen vehicles fueled water expensive	'there are sixty hydrogen filling stations all over the world
There is only one orange sweater first shop	'shop near their home
. What the writer wants to say is that language used newspapers , TV programs , pop songs advertisements getting polluted	'great difference exists between the Chinese characters written in the complex form and simplified form
Which would be the best title for the passage ? Colleges Are Losing Their Glory	'High School Graduate Guarantee Good Future
According to the Bible ,    olive branch means flood	'an olive branch suggests flood is coming .
"According to the article , "" electrolysis "" is a key technology that breaks water life - supporting elements"	'collects and analyzes the soil of Mars
Which of the following statements best expresses the main idea of this passage ? Women western countries respected many ways .	'In western countries 
"The author 's teacher suggested the 40-minute""super memory "" period partly because last information gained bed likely remain"	'it is less noisy in the forty minutes than in the daytime
What can we infer from the passage ? Democrats Republicans team economic depression .	'The best way out of the economic depression is tax cuts .
What is the best title for the passage ? Drink : Space Station Recycles Urine Water .	'The Research of NASA Has Made Great Progress .
What is the main topic of the passage ? Research causes consequences sleep - deficit .	"""The history of people 's sleeping patterns ."
Which may be the headline of this news ? China 's minimum rice purchase prices raised boost production	'A Steady rice purchase prices to ensure rice production
Which of the following is NOT true ? The train order .	"'The telephone was put out of order by the robbers .', ""The other mailmen did n't help the mailmen in the second car when the robbery happened because the last eleven cars were separated from the front cars ."
Which of the following statements best describes the author 's attitude towards cartoon      making ? Cartoon making difficult job . Anyone .	'Only trained people can be employed in cartoon making industry .
Which of the following statements is NOT mentioned ? All factories farms built sea	'People will be able to fly to the moon in a spaceship .
Which of the following is TRUE of the recent Pew report ? There 's slight   change UK 's supporting EU .	'The UK has the smallest number of people against the EU .
Why can a patch of oil kill little penguins ? The oil ruins feather 's natural functions .	'Little penguins are too small to survive .
According to the text , which of the following is legal ? A driver blows horn car breaks Germany 's highway .	'A spokesman dies in the House of Parliament in England .
The following passage will probably talk about comments movie critics Valkyrie	'the reason why the film is named after Valkyrie
Snakes may do some valuable work by    eating pests , mice harmful animals	'doing harm to other animals
Which of the following is NOT stated in the passage ? People often turn humorous ways meeting difficult situations effectiveness .	'Comedians on TV are believed to have done a lot in making people more tolerant of racial and religious differences .
Why did the writer and the woman both feel glad ? Because customers around willing help boy .	'Because the boy had saved some money .
When staying with the two girls ' family , the writer often worked long hours	'was paid for extra work
"What does the article mainly talk about ? Expressions word "" dog "" ."	"""Dogs ' life in America ."
When the boy headed back from the woods , he felt sad because     left many trails destruction	'he lost his way in the woods
Richard Reynolds decided to fill the pots with plants in order to beautify neighborhood	'plant more flowers in the path
Pletcher 's team does some researches to prove connections food odors lifespan	'the immune system of flies to chemicals
Which of the following about the spirit bear is NOT true ? It kind polar bear .	'It is a white variant of the North American black bear .
Why did the driver stop his car suddenly and jump out of it ? Because supposed something must gone wrong car .	'Because he was moved by the pretty voice of Mrs. Janes .
The original automatic watches are valuable because watches kind made	'the watches were made many years ago
Which of the following statements shows that you have fallen into stressful situations ? You ca n't sleep well time .	'You have a break after work .
What can we infer from this passage ? More people become phubbers .	'People are easier to handle when seen on screen .
What 's the best title for the passage ? Does Plant Communication Imply Intelligence ?	'Does Plant Communication Really Exist ?
"The best possible title for this passage is ""   Message Gift"	'Ways of Choosing Gifts
Which of the following statements about Mrs. Rhodes is NOT right ? She worked maid Palace serve Queen .	'She became the playmate of the Queen at a young age .
From the passage , we can learn that Karsh could skilfully adjust subjects ' mood photographing	"'Churchill was asked to stand still when Karsh took a photograph of him', ""Churchill 's portrait hanging in the House of Commons gave Karsh great fame"
What would be the best title for this passage ? Honda robot conducts Detroit Symphony	'Detroit Symphony gives a good performance
Who are the intended readers of this passage ? General people .	'People with positive characteristics .
Which of the following is true ? Every station something sell	'Every station is very big in Paris .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Sampson County find new way control beaver population .	'The government program in Sampson County has proved to be a success .
. When the Greeks watched the stars , they could watch stars move seasons changed	'know what the stars were made of
What will Joe do with the last one million if he gets five million ? He buy presents family best friends .	'He will buy some new houses .
It can be inferred from the passage that style music different effects different people	'blood clots are caused by heart attacks and strokes
According to Dan Bebber , if crop pests keep moving towards the poles , earth produce enough food support world	'the most productive farmland will produce more crops
What does the writer want to tell us ? Teaching proper way good students ' development .	"'Learning music is a good way to become successful .', ""It 's necessary for students to practice a lot in learning music ."
From the passage , we can know that answers yes , suffering stress	'many soc ial problems can cause stress
How can single parents make their children feel more needed and valued ? Discuss solve problems together children .	"""Do n't consider the needs of others ."
Which of these sentences is NOT TRUE ? The use skin - diving fun .	'Skin - diving is a new sport .
What would be the best title for this passage ? The driver escaped car boot	'The story of Mr. Johnson 
Riot police are called in stop lighting occurring outside ground	'to separate the opposing fans inside the ground
What advice does Dr Jackson give to Angel ? Discuss problem parents .	"'Be different from the other teenagers .', ""Do n't tell her parents what she wants to do ."
When should we enter PIN ? After put cards machine .	'Before we put our cards into the machine
Which of the following is true about Dustin Bockman ? He share alligator meat .	'He is a first - time hunter .
According to the author which of the person is NOT a superstar ? The headmaster	'Michael Jackson
The passage mainly discusses different attitudes towards short working hours	'a new policy threatening Japanese tradition
Which of the following is wrong about the cover of the new type of phone ? It makes sure seed grows phone thrown away .	'It can help the sunflower seed after the mobile phone breaks down .
Why does Blackie take Sam to school ? Because Sam ca n't see .	"'Because Sam is too small .', ""Because Sam ca n't walk ."
What condition should be met to book a group - study room ? One first register university .	'A group must consist of 8 people .
What has nothing to do with Memorial Day in the US ? People n't go work .	'In the morning 
What is the passage mainly about ? Rock 's exploration Southwest China .	"""Rock 's service for the U.S government ."
If you want to save more money you can stay tent park night	'come to the park in summer or spring
Which of the statements is true ? The major areas illiteracy Asia , Africa , Central South America .	'the United Kingdom has about seven hundred million illiterate people
We can infer from the passage that the writer thinks cars used people	'cars should be given up as soon as possible
Wilbur is the character of the book Charlotte 's Web .	'The Wonderful Wizard of Oz .
Which of the following is wrong according to the passage ? The playoffs show world 's best football players .	'China will build earthquake warning system in five years .
According to the text , what does Kim Stephenson believe ? Men women view money different ways .	"""Money is often a symbol of a person 's status ."
What can we learn about Harris ? He run foot car .	'He had the accident while backing his car .
What led to the development of Google Flu Trends ? The idea flu outbreak likely flu - related search terms popular .	'The need to have a faster system than traditional ones currently in use by the government .
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Grandma Moses : Her Life Pictures .	'The Children of Grandma Moses .
It can be learned from the passage that Washington young city	'Washington is the largest city in the USA
"If you want to ask Mr. Li to answer the telephone , you should say , "" May I speak Mr. Li , please ?"	'Ask Mr. Li to answer the telephone 
It can be learned from the passage that Stanley Yelnats IV got punished	'Matilda was well cared for in her family
EO-1 takes photographs of the same places as Landsat because two groups pictures show changes Earth	'Landsat is out of date and new pictures are needed
What 's the book Teach Yourself Training Your Brain mainly about ? How improve people 's brain capability	"""How people 's brain capability works"
The main idea for this passage is that messy desks office positive effect employees	'the messier the desks are 
Which of the following is NOT true ? Apes put words know together .	'Some animals can learn .
The concept of eating tasty food will not go out of fashion because junk food become healthier	'the junk food companies are changing their brand names
The purpose of the passage is to describe characteristics grass water spider	'convince readers that spiders are dangerous
When the stranger followed him into the cemetery , Charlie thought danger losing money even life	'the stranger would ask him the way
What can we learn about Sprayable Energy from the passage ? Sprayable Energy lets users worry taking unnecessary calories ..	'A bottle of Sprayable Energyis cheaper than 40 cups of coffee . .
Which of the following is true ? The Venus ' flytrap eats flies get nutrient .	"'Meat - eating plants look and act like other green plants .', ""It 's hard to get nutrients in the soil when acidity is high ."
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Alice Munro wins Nobel Prize Literature	'How Alice Munro wins the Nobel Prize
Which is the best title for the passage ? The early fish gets bird .	'Nico Smit and an African tigerfish .
The purpose of writing this text is to try persuade readers visit New York	'help the readers get a better understanding of New York
After he was informed of what he had done , the father let author make call Mr. Burke	"""did n't say anything and left"
What will Dr. Mann probably continue to research in their study ? The actual use boredom .	'The real causes of creativity .
What will the article probably talk about next ? Advice talking children alcohol .	'How to be supportive of your children .
Why does Perri think that her own life has mirrored her mother 's ? They experiences daughter , mother writer .	'They have the same joys and pains 
What is the passage mainly about ? Dropout problem America .	'National concern over high schools .
What is the main idea of this passage ? Roses smell sweet name .	'Names have great significance to Americans .
We can infer from what Doug Johnson said that 's better teachers change teaching methods	'cell - phones are not useful to students
What is the passage mainly about ? The history Mothers ' Day .	"""The reason why people celebrate Mothers ' Day ."
What makes the 4 G devices most popular with users ? That users talk people like face face .	"""That users can infer people 's body language ."
Parents would not like their children to see commercials because     think children ore old enough handle advertising	'commercials teach children alphabet and numbers
The National Phenology Network is launched to research nature makes response climate change	'make a study of the first frog calls of the spring
The doctors thought it impossible make baby teeth hair grow teeth	"""for them to change the king 's order"
Who first wore T - shirts according to the passage ? European soldiers .	'American students .
What Winston Churchill said means sleep day helpful work	'sleep more during the day 
The owner of the car was very angry to see someone opened car door	'the policeman standing by the car
A few years later Einstein B C	'bought a new one
Why did the old father keep asking his son the same question ? Because wanted know whether son patient used .	'Because he was so boring that he wanted to play a joke with his son .
Now Alcatraz place interest .	'detains some prisoners .
The police force has helped reduce the bicycle theft rate by removing bike stands	'asking kids to lock up their bikes
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Anna started ask parents remove 500 photos 11 .	"""Around 700 of her parents ' Facebook friends shared the pictures ."
But for the cloudy weather , the shuttle Discovery would have landed Florida day earlier	'in Florida a day later
According to Professor Max Parkin , 's OK drink wine festivals	'the causes of cancer are still unclear now
According to the text , in Buckingham Palace stocks food kitchen hardly run low	"""the Queen 's pet dogs are fed with simple meals"
What 's the best title of the text ? Chinese celebrating Christmas holiday	'Christmas in Europe
The writer turned off the tape - recorder because wanted make friends believe finished recording	'he wanted his friends to enjoy some drinks
Which of the following if TRUE according to the passage ? Volunteers help students English Primary School .	'The Parks Department needs volunteers to help give out notices .
What did the author say about her own writing experience ? Her road success full pain frustrations .	'Most of her stories had been rejected by publishers .
Why is the writer puzzled ? Because sure future .	'Because he is too young to realize his dream .
What can be inferred from the text ? Jack gave food old man though still hungry .	'The old man accepted all the food given by Jack .
If immigrants in the United States ca n't speak their parents ' language , what trouble might they have ? They ca n't make understood original country .	"""They ca n't ask for help when they get lost in the United States ."
The family could n't find the star on the Christmas tree because grandfather broken	'the grandfather had taken it away with him
Which would be the best title for this passage ? What make old paper ?	'How does food come from old paper ?
The study of scientists proved that need clean body part lies	'telling a lie makes you want to have a bath
What is the text mainly about ? A special educational program .	'A best selling coffee .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The kanji event hosted JKATF 10 years .	"'The chief monk at Kiyomizu temple decided the kanji of 2008 .', ""3 kanjis are nominated for this year 's poll ."
The main purpose of the passage is to call parents learn balance relationship children	'tell a story which happened between an American girl and her father
What would be the best title for the passage ? Give attention students failed college entrance exam	'Adjust your mood and start a new life happily
Melatonin can help people fall asleep	'make sleep difficult
In the example of Phyllis Timms , Phyllis eventually admitted portrait right grandfather .	'Coral failed to draw the portrait of the dead .
What is the best title for the passage ? Traveling In Taiwan .	'Taiwan And Keelung .
Project Hope helps 	'children who are too poor to go to school
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Most children may become top sportsmen long period training .	"'By starting young ', "" you wo n't have much time for your schoolwork ."
From the passage we know Gerd Knaust thinks staff important making hotel successful	'Hilton Shanghai is the first international hotel in China
Dr. Tisman 's research is aimed at testing effectiveness new drug mixture	'providing different cancer treatments
It can be concluded from the passage that apple pie traditionally associated Americans due large apple production	'the apple pie was first served in America
The purpose of this passage is to ask parents pay attention children 's mental health	'tell parents what to do if they find that their children have mental health problems
What did the old man do on the mountain ? , He looked lost sparrow .	'He wanted to visit a place with many birds .
How do we understand that Kumano tries to bring to mind the real thing they today ? He tries help young Hawaiian understand old culture better .	'He tries to let new dances feel the beauty of the Hawaiian language .
We learn form the passage that     health education , better	'dressing warmly can prevent disease
We can guess that the rest of the passage will tell us Lennon music still popular today 's young people	"""why Lennon and his music spoil today 's generations of young people"
Which of the following is true ? The woman wanted stop Mrs. Turner showing	"""The woman was n't interested in Mrs. Turner 's words"
David Willetts encourages students faced with the lack of places on a degree course consider apprenticeships studying home	'to study at campus outside the UK
People asked about buying Ruby 's pictures because wanted fun	'newspaper reporters bought her picture
What is the passage mainly about ? A nice teacher memory .	'What makes a fine teacher .
What 's the passage mainly about ? Too much phone time bad effect teens ' sleep .	"""Few cellphone calls will damage teens ' friendships ."
Which of the following CANNOT be used to describe the writer ? He old man best reading habit .	'He prefers to play video games rather than watch TV .
The best title of the passage should be The Climate United States	'The Climate and Fruits
The Project Let 's Do It ! Estonia is to make Estonia clean place	'prevent people leaving their rubbish anywhere
Students in some US schools are required to wear uniforms Not to bring best students	'prevent comparison among students
What is the passage mainly about ? Activities bonding mother daughter .	"'Trips for mother and daughter .', ""A daughter 's attachment to her mother ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? The girl noticed headmaster felt greatly surprised	"'The girl misunderstood what miss Baker said .', ""The young man was the girl 's boy - friend ."
The author 's main purpose in writing this passage is to show idea poor rich establish separate culture absurdity	'prove that different people have different definitions of culture
The purpose of this passage is to     persuade people patient	'tell how to practice patience
Who was Miss Fanny Jackson ? An imaginary person created Spring .	"'The only daughter of General "" Stonewall "" Jackson', ""A little -known girl who sold her father 's to Robert Spring"
What may be the best title for this passage ? Control Prevention Forest Fires	'Effects of Forest Fires
The best title for this passage would be The Characteristics Good Newspaper	'The Importance of a good Newspaper
Which of the following is TRUE ? Modern English words Old English .	'Modern English has nothing to do with Old English .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The state Maine many cities named European cities .	'In the state of Maine there are many different European cities .
From the story we can infer that old man wanted enjoyed	'the old man cared about nothing but money
Through the study , the researchers found that    trees farmlands expected	"'fewer trees are being cut in developing countries', ""most farmers still do n't realize the value of trees"
In the passage the teacher 's message to the students was that everyone learn enjoy life	'life is hard and boring for everyone
What can the school 's student union do for students ? Work simple study tips follow .	'Organize teaches to help students learn effectively .
Which of the following agrees with Celia Klin 's opinion ? Texters may find ways available convey information .	'Conversations rely on the same expression way as text messages .
Which might be the best title of the passage ? Playing football may lead brain damage .	'Repeated small damages to the brain .
Which of the following shows the right relationship ? nanometer < micrometer < millimeter < meter	'nanometer < millimeter < micrometer < meter
As of May 2015 ,    Serena Williams 19 Grand Slam singles titles	'Serena Williams was named as the top female tennis players
What were teachers told to do in the experiment ? Record students ' weekly performance .	"""Monitor students ' sleep patterns ."
According to the text , which function of the following makes 3 G technology most extraordinary ? Users facetoface talks friends family mobile phones .	'It can provide video news programs 
The problem with the author before he overcame his fear of air travel is that read much plane crashes tried avoid flying	"""he did n't know air travel is safer than highway travel"
Who first thought of charities that use human hair ? Elijah 's grandmother .	"""Elijah 's father ."
What does Jeff have for supper ? Some bread .	'Some chicken and the fish .
What do we learn about the robotic bear ? It 's first machine made deal snoring .	"""It 's comfortable to sleep on ."
Hydroelectricity means using water power produce electricity	'using wind power to produce electricity
"The house is called "" White House "" because house clean"	'the stone walls of the house were painted white
A person will be even angrier when he sees    yellow	'red
What can you enjoy during the Mini Hoover Dam Tour ? Enough time buy souvenirs .	'Free food during the tour .
"Why has the camel been called the "" ship of the desert "" ? The movement camel like ship traveling ocean ."	'The camel can cross the desert just like a ship .
What can we learn from the text ? The Apple company n't expect reception problems iPhone 4 .	'The software update is fit for all cellphones produced by Apple .
Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? Things kids New York City	'Tips for travelling around New York City
The main purpose of the Allen Telescope Array is search signals intelligent life space	'to prepare for the wars against life from the universe
According to the passage , muttering can help people in a way that concentrate job hand	"""it completely controls people 's mind"
Which of the following is TRUE according to this article ? The play showed Bruce Lee 's surprising life .	"""Bruce Lee 's motherland was the United States ."
What can we learn from the passage ? Not secretaries oppose becoming important indicators social status	'New technologies have never benefited secretaries .
Sian Beilock points out that stress side effects students college entrance exams	'contributes to scores in college entrance exams
In fact , the trousers shop owner 's	'were hanging inside the shop
We can infer from the text Paris andLondonhas become perfect partners .	'London feels more full of life .
The author could work out which questions to answer since the teacher always asked questions regular way	'walked up and down when asking questions
What can we learn from the text ? The author thinks highly Lego , entertains many children .	'The Lego Company expands its production lines with computers .
All the following may happen to our digital footprints EXCEPT    Digital pictures may printed computer automatically .	'When surfing the Internet 
According to the passage , which sentence is NOT true ? The custom choosing May Queen still exists present May Day celebration .	'In the old days they celebrated May Day for the changing of the seasons .
From the passage we can learn that funerary rituals carried along path starting Woodhenge , River Avon Bluehenge , finally Stonehenge .	"'researchers have named the site "" Bluehenge "
Why do children feel they are needed ? Children talk animals believe .	"'When they have problems ', "" it 's not easy for them to open up ."
Which of the following statements is not mentioned in the text ? Cycling perfect way get total fitness .	'Running is the fastest way of loosing weight .
It 's better to write a poem with rhymes because easier read remember	'it makes the poem more interesting
What would be the best title for the passage ? Tips issued bear encounters	'Bears are short of food worldwide
Which of the following is TRUE ? Ms. St. Onge grateful Danny 's premonition .	'Danny likes playing hockey with his father .
The passage is mainly about argument research pill	'a new research on the pill
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Few Chinese provinces aiming economic growth rates less 10 % .	'Many Chinese provinces are alarmed by Beijing .
What is the text mainly about ? The history fingerprinting .	'Different uses of fingerprints .
Why do some children feel humiliated when their parents kiss them in front of friends ? Because n't want treated like children .	"""Because they do n't show enough love for their parents ."
What is the purpose of Zhan writing the short movie ? To prove people make living playing video games .	'To offer an exciting movie .
The best title for the passage can be    Mum 's Voice Rain .	'I Love Mum .
What can we learn from the passage ? The touch - screen technology widely used electronics devices .	'The touch - screen technology will disappear .
The writer wrote this passage to give us some advice about learn new words	'how to learn English well .
The best title for the passage is Grandparents ' Garden	"""Grand5mother 's Garden"
According to the passage ,   which of the statements is NOT true ? When texting , teens n't mind talking .	'It is normal for a teen to send or receive 60 text messages per day .
The author says that in industry robots many jobs	'robots break down a lot
The story mainly talks about name people say ca n't remember someone 's real name	"""why people sometimes ca n't remember others ' names"
Which of the following can be the best title for this text ? A World Smiles	'The Smile of a Girl
"By "" problem of youth "" people mean the problem     caused young people"	'need to be solve d by young people
According toGardner , schools should promote development intelligences .	"""test students'IQs once at least ."
What is special about Sydney 's Great Coastal Walk ? It provides visitors variety great landscapes .	'It starts from Royal National Park in the south .
Which of the following names came from German ? Pelznickel .	'Saint Nicholas .
We can know from the passage that electronic distraction resulted numerous crashes	'electronic distraction contributed much to the ban
"If you want to tell your friend that he is in trouble , you can use "" In Dutch"	'A Dutch
The reason why Russian experts provided strong technical support for the EVA spacesuits is that China Russia would like cooperate space program	"""China ca n't make spacesuit"
The number that goes before the letter H shows hard pencil	'the model of the pencil
Why did the caller call out the steps for the dancers ? Because hard dancers remember steps .	"'Because the dance was invented by the caller .', ""Because the dancers did n't know the names of the steps ."
We can learn from the passage that Charles Dickens ' novels reflect true life age	'Dickensian is widely used to describe the Christmas
What did the author 's friend feel about the walls around universities ? He shocked American universities enclosed .	'He thought it a good idea to have walls encircling schools .
The author wants to tell us happiness state mind	'how one person enjoys a life without legs .
The best way to know about a college in an official campus tour is walk around campus alone	'to take pictures of the campus
From the passage , we can learn that blinking good eyes	'children should blink as much as possible
The large elephant does not try to break the rope , because elephant thinks still could break free	'the rope is too strong
It can be inferred from the results of the new study that after humans arrived in Tasmania killed lot giant animals	'giant animals began to disappear
"According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true ? The phrase 
  _ means apple tree sad boy asked much ."	'The phrase \n  _ means that the apple tree was still happy because she could help the boy for the last time .
What 's the writer 's purpose in writing this passage ? To report us piece news TV .	'To advise us to turn off TV .
Which is n't mentioned ( ) in the passage ? Playing volleyball .	'Watching TV .
If you want to learn about past recipients of a scholarship , you can use websites organizations sponsoring scholarships	"""the annual scholarship guidebooks published by Peterson 's"
What has made Bali Indonesia No.1 tourist attraction ? Friendly people splendidly visual culture .	'Yoga 
We can infer that Americans think highly punctuality work .	"""you must n't be on time when you attend an informal get - together ."
"What 's the text mainly about ? "" Reconstituted "" families becoming UK ."	"'The difference between "" marriage "" and "" remarriage "" ."
What lesson can we learn from this text ? We balance budget .	'We should try to find a well - paid job .
Which is NOT right according to the passage ? Peng Liyuan wrote military songs age 18 .	'Peng Liyuan is as charming as Jacqueline Kennedy .
Why does the author say some stores can be dangerous ? Because fewer products needed .	'Because the stores can be over - crowded .
How did Mr. Burns help Kelly practice jumping ? By putting small box floor .	'By jumping with her .
What is the most important according to the author ? The ability use one 's knowledge .	'The ability to acquire knowledge .
Which statement is true about men ? It likely men consider attractive really .	'Few men will feel pleased when they are looking themselves in the mirror .
People who are unhappy always discover unpleasant side certain things	'always consider things differently from others
Why have scientists been working on space elevators ? To make trips space cheaper .	'To help astronauts do research in space .
The purpose of the author in writing this passage is to analyze causes students ' moving trend Great Britain	'tell us the benefit of globalization of education
According to this passage , which of the following statements is FALSE ? All employers U.S. casual office wear .	"""Many employees do n't like a conservative dress code ."
From the passage , we can infer that trust change thief honest man	'once a thief 
Feeling of nostalgia cause think past full hopes dreams	'might cause you to try to realize the golden dream in the present life
What 's the best title for this passage ? A new public school holiday New York	'A promise made by the mayor of New York
What can we learn from the passage   ? Tom 's party Saturday .	"""The party is at Tom 's school ."
Which of the following would Rick Stevenson most probably agree with ? Digital technology often falls short expectation .	"""Modern technology is what we ca n't live without ."
The passage is written with the purpose of presenting us different opinions child	'illustrating the strength and weakness of having an only child
About old George , which of the following is true ? He n't expected get gloves back .	'He never bought cheap gloves .
Which of the following would be a case of culture shock for newcomers ? They trouble using public telephones .	'They are active and successful in the new community .
We can learn from the passage that take quite period time people accept APIEL	'the TOEFL is more popular with the Chinese than the IELTS
What can we learn from the passage ? The new form warning already proved work .	"'Canada has been the first to use the EU \'s "" weapon "" .', ""Many smokers do n't quite believe the written warnings ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true about Salem ? It second established city Massachusetts Boston north .	"""It was developed in several of Massachusetts ' industries ."
Which of the following concerning the British men is NOT true according to the passage ? About 50 % British men admitted crying mothers .	'Nowadays 
Which of the following is Not True ? Mary took trip receive treatment .	'Mary sat alone on the plane at first .
The writer could hear the frog for all of the following   reasons , EXCEPT because . special ability talk frogs	'she wanted to get to know nature
When the author was young , she often visited the garden mainly to escape adults schoolwork	'help her grandfather cultivate the garden
Iraq made the decision to stop oil deliveries because The U.N. Secretary Council decided shorten time extension oil - - food programme	'oil price is too low in international market .
We can infer from the passage that Audrey lived America 1950s	"""Audrey 's parents lived in Germany during World War II"
It can be learned from the passage that regardless housing price , Chinese houses poorer building quality US	'housing price in China will drop considerably very soon
Which of the following is true according to the advertisements ? It interesting visit Shanghai Museum exhibits Egypt .	"'Scottish dancing is so interesting and easy that it never tires you out .', ""The performance given by the American jazz band wo n't last long ."
Why could Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe 's book cause a civil war in America ? Because disclosed terrible wrongs done slaves Southern States	'the Americans were too excited when they reads the book
The author implies that      . writing factual story , writer must use judgment	'the writer should limit himself to the facts
What can we inferred from the passage ? The one dollar bill made author feel touched warmth others .	'The old couple had once gone through the same trouble as the author did .
According to Dr. Samantha Haslett , we can draw a conclusion that spending money clicking mouse satisfy customers ' desire greatly	"""the main reason for ruining people 's marriage contributes to shopping online"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The LP produced sold Toshiba Music Company .	'About 55 % of the crying babies fell asleep after 41 seconds hearing the LP .
The author let his son repair the car because he believed that would n't cause loss	'His son had the ability to fix it .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Never keep gas pump full .	'Always keep your car in good working condition .
From the passage we can infer that job interviewees think twice wearing red clothes	'the color1s can send all the messages you want to convey
Which of the following about cats and dogs are true ? Cats dogs cooperate order finish something .	'Cats and dogs can never work together .
What is the passage mainly about ? Tips avoid damage air pollution .	'Air pollution is the main cause of a heart attack .
Which of the following is true about online English tests ? Online English tests make scoring accurate .	'Listening is more difficult to be tested online than speaking .
Side - by - side living style means keep customs sharing American ones certain areas	'to make friends with native people
We know from the passage that possible old man fifty sixty climb Alps	'mountaineering has no appeal for people
We can infer from the text that scientists are find whether planets support life	'to find means to travel to the planets
As indicated in this passage , with so many good claims , the consumers still know exact impact different products environment	'are becoming more cautious about the products they are going to buy
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT a use of Liaoning ? To help world peace .	'To help protect the country .
According to the new findings , the researchers found that People mild obesity less likely die people normal weight .	'People with high obesity have a lower risk of early death than people with low obesity
The passage mainly tell us     become good beach volleyball player	'the game of beach volleyball
What will you learn from the passage ? Foreign kids usually join kinds clubs	'Foreign kids like to put on a show in their school
The purpose of writing the passage is to     inform people present situation Rio	'criticize 
The purpose of this advertisement is show ways ordering	'to help readers apply for account numbers
One reason people sometimes rub their noses when they lie is that    nose sensitive physical changes caused lying	'1ying causes a slight increase in blood pressure
The project is meant to protect crop seeds dying case possible disasters	"""increase the world 's food output in the future"
What is the major problem that scientists have been studying ? Why many bees wo n't return leaving hives .	"""Why a lot of bees ca n't give birth to babies ."
We can infer from the passage that use computers exams wo n't spread widely short time	"'other universities will try to carry out the challenging plan', ""universities should n't make students stressful during exams"
According to the passage a man     likes clean house n't make effort .	'is willing to do housework .
Helen goes shopping with her father because father free	'her father has more money
From the passage we know that Mattel one world 's largest toy companies	'is the director of an American toy company
Why did the writer 's group build a new house for the family ? Because trailer could longer repaired .	'Because the family asked them to do it .
When the author 's family had a difficult time , she began to know family 's economic situation	'learn how to earn and save money
"Which description about the "" Sweeping Old Lady "" is right ? She imaginary figure created netizen ."	'She is an old lady good at sweeping the Internet .
Why did the first artist receive a large sum of money from the king ? His painting satisfied king .	'His painting was the best the king has ever seen .
The passage is written to tell us Internet problems South Korea	'the bad effects of the Internet
Why was the photo posted on the website ? To find elephant angel .	'To attract more visitors to the zoo .
What 's the author 's purpose of writing the passage ? To inform us Malaysian disaster .	'To arouse our attention of some famous crashes of plane .
The purpose of the Room to Read campaign is to help poor children learn read write	'ask parents to read together with their children
Which sentence is true ? Chen Ming Wu Huan like vegetables .	'Wu Huan is 12 years old .
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? What Exactly Is A Hero ?	'Why Should You Be A Hero ?
Why do n't the British haggle generally ? They dislike openly expressing feelings opinions .	"""They do n't think it is polite behavior ."
What was unusual about his wedding ? His wedding held 13,000 feet sea level .	'He got married on the summit of Mount McKinley .
We can infer from the passage that Mark Zuckerberg get much money stock sale	'Facebook stock is being sold very well
If you are fined thousands of dollars in Japan , you may have been sitting car drunken driver .	'in an irregular position in your car .
What is the difference between Plato 's Closet and other resale shops ? They offer service people different ages .	"""The offerings in Plato 's Closet are more expensive ."
What does the writer intend to tell us ? War peace depend wise policies made men women .	'We had better choose women as our leaders if we want peace .
According to    the library rules , you ca n't take newspapers home	'borrow CDs from the library
Which of the following may be the best title for the passage ? The Future Energy- SPS	'The Concept of SPS
What 's the main idea of the passage ? The boy made big trouble 11 .	"""The boy did n't look after his sister ."
What did the friend 's father do that Christmas morning ? He acted Santa Claus send Christmas gifts .	'He went to her home to see Alice .
What 's the best title for the text ? Grandpa 's Birdhouses	'Long - lasting Birdhouses
We can learn from the news report that student Nanjing University Science Technology turned offer Shanghai company 7,000 yuan month	'in Shanghai
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? Schools play important role forming children 's healthy habits .	'All advertisements for Coca - Cola in schools will be removed .
What 's the best title of the passage ? A diet survey .	"""The poor 's healthy problem ."
What does the text mainly tell us ? Florentine artist fights pollution painting smog .	'Ricci invents a unique way to paint buildings in Florence .
What is the main purpose of the article ? To present new study people 's music tastes change .	"""To explain why parents and children do n't share music preferences ."
Which statement ( , ) is right ? All us need water	'Not everything needs water .
According to the passage , we can know novel A Portrait Artist Young Man James Joyce 's life	'Dublin Castle was used for government conferences
Which of the following is NOT suggested by the author ? Cutting prices buying things .	'Making a plan saving money .
According to the passage we can know that different reading materials play different roles losing weight	'overweight girls are living unhappily
The best title for the passage may be High - heels Do Harm Knees	'Chunky Heels and Stiletto Heels
Which of the following is true according to the text ? Oprah Winfrey hosted first local talk show 20 's .	'Oprah Winfrey was the most influential woman in America .
Why did the father think most of the boys would n't let      Shay join them ? Because knew Shay anything good playing baseball .	"""Because it was a very important game and they could n't           afford to lose it ."
When the fighter plane loses engine power below 2,000 meters , pilots may eject safety	'pilots must restart it as soon as possible
Which of the following is NOT the author 's viewpoint ? Perfection scripts necessary making good impressions .	'There should be a balance between actual acting and acting naturally .
Ray Navarro thought that Angel helped people Fresno	'was most responsible for the animals
What is the bad news for meat - eaters ? Meat producing cause global warming	'Most cows are raised not for people to eat
The writer felt guilty for a moment because particular food also wasted much	"'she was a strict vegetarian who ate very little', ""she did n't order enough food for the girl"
According to the passage , researchers at the University of Chicago are studying dreamers dream	'contents of dreams
We can infer from the passage that mother prepared show Chinese different food culture	"""the writer appreciated her mother 's lesson years later"
While watering the plants , what should we remember to do ? Use water little warm .	'Pour the water into the pot holder .
From the last sentence , we can know that They also treated dog broken leg .	'The hospital drove the dog out
According to the passage , which statement is NOT true ? The tour finishes location every day .	'Hairy Goat organizes the tour .
What is the purpose of the researchers doing experiments with radar ? To watch elderly people fall .	'To look after elderly people when they walk around .
Mr. Gorton tended to think that in the past children liked spend time family	'children enjoyed doing housework
"The BEST title for this passage is ""   Homesickness"	'Why Do You Feel Homesick
"What happens when your "" nose is running "" ? Watery stuff comes nose ."	"""You ca n't find your nose ."
"There is no "" live "" on both pieces of paper because bad minister hated kind minister wanted kill"	"""The kind minister did n't want it"
This reading is about writer 's life	"""Harry Potter 's life"
The driver of the Firebird trouble car	'took a wrong turn on the way
What 's the best title of the article ? Unbroken chain love .	'A man 
The task of James Bond in the new James Bond film is to protect MI6 's trouble	'let MI6 be famous around the world
What can we learn from the passage ? Realizing 's normal feel nervous front stranger good start break ice .	"'"" Breaking the ice "" is a small talk technique widely used in our daily communication all over the world ."
What is the most attractive service to women passengers according to a survey ? women passengers get desserts onboard .	'women passengers can visit the toilet before boarding .
The woman is not happy because Nobody opens door .	"""Xiao Ming 's mother is still in bed ."
Which is the best title of the passage ? My experience mending chair	'A chair with a broken leg
Which of the following is TRUE ? From experience , Jack learned American culture .	'The more Jack explained 
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text ? Money got visitor centre managed community .	'Tte Tsaatan used to control the services for travelers to the community .
Which of the statements is true ? The mother helpful others	"""The writer did n't like going to school"
How old was the old man then ? He ninety years old .	'He was over ninety years old .
During the night gorilla usually sleep in trees except old male gorilla	'the old female gorilla
Which of the following would be the best title for this text ? Effect Packaging Shopping	'Disadvantages of Products
When you read ,    n't use finger point words	"""do n't hold your books with your hands"
If you take a great interest in beer , which tour might be suitable for you ? The Brewery Pub Tour	'The Wall Tour
According to the passage , windows are one possible ways escaping fire	'of no use when a fire breaks out
What is the best title for this passage ? A Big Flood	'Over 10
According to the text , up to now , Apart from Renmin University , which University has a spring break for their students . Yantai University	'Peking University
What is the passage mainly about ? Specially - trained rats help clear land mines .	'People in Tanzania are suffering from land mines .
The outdoors is considered a giant laboratory because children can get chance explore create ideas	'learn to share and cooperate with one another
"The purpose of the "" Let 's Move ! "" program is to help kids keep healthy"	'encourage kids to eat more eggs
What did the scientist 's study find ? Chimps better memories humans .	'Chimps can remember all of their friends .
Why did Handel later settle down in Britain instead of Germany ? Because boss became King Britain brought along .	'Because he could find better jobs in London .
Which of the following can we infer    from the passage ? There 40 levels game .	'You can play the full game for free .
According to the two brothers ' agreemen let coin decide would go academy first	"""the winner would work at the academy in exchange for the loser 's help"
Why did the founders start the online farmers ' market ? Because met need market .	'Because the founders were interested in seasonal food .
The purpose of the passage is to advise people to treasure others ' suggestions	'do a cost - benefit analysis in daily life
In the early 20th century . Tin Pan Alley was used to refer to American music publishing industry .	'the American popular culture .
Watt wanted to find a way tell people exactly powerful steam engine	'to show how useful his steam engine was
A hot - air balloon is     bigger toy balloon	'smaller than a toy balloon
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Sleepwalking dangerous .	'Children who sleepwalk may answer when you talk to them .
We can learn from the text that mother elephant unfriendly first rescuers	'Fishlock had seen the baby elephant before
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? There 's one long - term solution solve water problem , must try best control population growth .	'The amount of the water on earth will always stay the same .
You can infer from the passage that Hong Kong police cleared roads cost	'all the Hong Kong citizens are doubtful about the result of the clearances
Which of the following sentences is TRUE according to the passage ? People used Bow - Lingual say helps better understand dogs .	'Dog owners now can understand their dogs better .
What can be the best title for the passage ? iPhone ringtone bring New York Philharmonic stop	'iPhone signature ringtone defeats New York Philharmonic
Why did Mrs. Smith invite Johnson to have breakfast with her family ? He guest day .	'He woke up too late for his breakfast .
Which of the following is suggested by the writer ? Do n't use phone hour without rest	'Hold the phone at least half a meter away from the eyes .
What impressed the author most when working at the Nation 's Health ? The employees treated one equally .	'The opportunity to work alone .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Unknown things Nelson Mandela .	"""Nelson Mandela 's life in the prison ."
Nelson Mandela succeeded in doing the following except controlling spread AIDS	'winning the equal rights for the black people in South Africa
The earth is thirsty for water because n't enough fresh water	"""only 70 % of the earth 's surface is covered with water ."
The French people painted their 40 provinces and an American eagle on each boxcar because could show friendship two countries	'they thought France was stronger than America
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? A public safety museum opened Beijing help people learn survival skills .	'Ninety - nine pupils were injured in a flood in Heilongjiang Province .
From the painting we learn that children create fun using imagination	'children today need to take more lessons
This report mainly warns human to take necessary steps protect environment earth	"'prevent the sea ice in the Arctic Ocean from melting any more', ""pay more attention to the loss of the Arctic 's ice cover"
Which of the following is the good habit   ? Get early good breakfast .	'Have nothing for breakfast .
What do we know from the sediments in Lake Laguna Granja ? Growing crops savannah stopped .	'The local people lived as hunters 500 years ago .
What is the purpose of the article ? To advise people careful amount salt eat .	'To warn people of food containing too much salt .
Which is the best title for this passage ? The main use colours animals pests	'The colours of the seasons
Why did Baron 's team do the research on twins ? It may guarantee research influenced genetic factors .	"'Twins are more likely to suffer from skin cancer .', ""It gives others an opportunity to control twins ' genes ."
What would be the best title for the text ? WiFi sky	'The people behind Google
Which of the following not true ? Bears never kill large animals .	'Bears are found in many places .
From the passage we can infer that Washington stricken big snow last weekend	'New Jersey has suffered the big snow
According to the text , islands contain one ten world 's population	'more than six billion people
What is the typical behavior of parents when they bring up their children ? Hiding true emotions children .	'Allowing their children chances to do things themselves .
What can we infer from the text ? Rubina may get used American food .	'The two children have played in other movies before .
The writer gives some advice mainly on talking Americans	'working with Americans
"According to The Huffington Post , the name of "" Black Friday "" may be first used police show displeasure toward heavy traffic caused shopping crowds"	'by American people who expected to bring home bargains after Thanksgiving Day
From the passage we know 3D made Mona Lisa move speak	'Mona Lisa can also sing in Chinese
As far as we can tell from the passage , Agatha Christie    never even met baby .	'visited the baby in the hospital at Hammersmith .
What does the author want to tell the reader by this text ? If know sacrifice responsibility , many things life .	'Children could be made to work and earn some money by themselves .
From the passage we learn that Most owner builders design homes .	'Many house plans are offered free of charge .
According to Professor John Stephens , the critics of children 's literature~    wish explore difference fantasy realism	'want to separate children into different groups .
The author 's main purpose in the passage is to encourage fire safety measures .	'advertise a new brand of smoke detector .
The lights of the car passing the end of the street showed that woman walking street .	'a woman was driving the car
Which of the following is WRONG ? Auggie handsome boy .	'Auggie is a boy in New York .
Service Foods can solve mealtime boredom by instructing different ways cooking	'serving flash - frozen meat
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Dubai growing fast .	'Dubai was a big city before 1966 .
What can serve as the best title of this story ? A Service Love	'A Service of Art
From the passage , we can learn that left - handers ordinary people like right - handers	'might remember everyday things better
What is the test mainly about ? Changes adolescent sleep needs patterns .	'Adolescent heath care .
What message can we get from the two photos in the magazine ? Man live peacefully gorilla .	"""Gorillas are man 's close friends ."
It can be inferred from this passage that people may enjoy life better without overused technology	'consider too much technology wonderful
What does the passage imply ? The traditional ticket selling system makes hard get film tickets popular days .	"'The service is only intended to put into use at the cinema in Beijing for a month .', ""China 's film industry saw the decreasing number of moviegoers by the end of 2009 . "
We can infer from the passage that the writer does not favor talking children 's shortcomings	"""father 's helping his son with his study"
What is the passage mainly concerned about ? Insurance good protection accidents illness .	'Everyone will have some sort of illness or accident .
According to the passage , if a candidate wants to win the election he must issue plans trying satisfy everyone	'care more about the education in the U. S.
It can be inferred from the story that Cowboy lost event judged appearance	'a blue ribbon must be the second highest prize
What is the advantage of universities selecting students according to independent examinations ? Students ' abilities talents better found .	"""Students need n't take the national exam ."
Which was one of the problems Sparrow faced before Pearson became CEO ? It need financial support	'The number of its customers was declining
It can be inferred from the passage that taking drugs risk poisonous	'when one is in a bad mood 
The main idea of the passage is one happiest make good use age life	'life is not enjoyable since each age has some pains
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? The rise new smart phone Giant : China 's Xiaomi	'The development of the company Xiaomi
"From the passage , we learn that a "" traveling wave "" formed movement penguins"	'is caused by a traffic jam on the road
What made Carly think of building a school in Vietnam ? A charity raised money build school Vietnam .	'Her grandmother donated money to Rotary Clubs .
Which group can provide food and shelter ? THE SALVATION ARMY .	"""B'NAI B'RITH INTERNATIONAL ."
The passage mainly tells us present situation British pubs	'the long history of British pubs
According to the writer , which of the following can be found in any large English dictionary ? The reason word certain meaning .	'Where all the new words come from .
The reason that Fix wants to arrest Phileas Fogg is that Fix mistakenly takes Phileas Fogg bank robber	"'Phileas Fogg is the bank robber whom Fix is trying to catch', ""Phileas Fogg does n't have a passport for his travels"
"Which of the following is TRUE accoraing to the passage ? Scien 
  _ ific measures used help rescue trapped workers ."	'Each miners being pulled out alive will be offered 2 miliion yuan .
If an Englishman has much money , likely upper class	'he belongs to the middle class
What is the purpose of using the green scarf according to the school 's principal ? To strengthen education encourage pupils work harder .	'To divide students into good and bad .
According to the information above , if your child has hearing problems , you can turn to     . Bradford Publications	'At - Home Profession Corp.
David says , ' Nearly four pounds ' , because wants remind Linda cost cost call	'Linda has not told her mother they have arrived
The boy was sorry for his mother because big scar face	'his mother was not beautiful
During the visit , visitors can     experience vivid picture Victorian London .	"""read three Dickens ' manuscripts ."
Which question is NOT answered in the passage ? What tells well 've lived ?	'Can old people be as bright as young people ?
According to the passage , how could children avoid being hurt by cell phone radiation ? They send short massage instead making phone calls directly .	'They can keep cell phones away from the abdomen .
What do most people worry about the Internet according to this passage ? fraud Internet	'illegal web site
We can learn from Liz 's reply that Ana 's boss Stephanie may looking new job	'Ana has never talked about her career plans before
From the passage , we can learn that happiness depends ability deal change	'it is easy to say goodbye to a dear friend and trusted colleague
What is the purpose of the approved plan ? To warn people emergencies via messages .	'To popularize the use of cell phones .
If you 're a volunteer in the activities of Deathbed Care , what kind of people do you have to attend to ? Patients without many days left .	'Patients with a lot of money .
We can learn from the passage that Academic Earth offers college courses learners ' convenience	'charges learners nothing for any course
What is the possible reason why Wang Baoqiang wanted a divorce ? He found wife affair agent also transferred couple 's joint assets .	'He abandoned his wife and family deliberately
It seems likely that many Americans worried trusts might manipulate government	'believed that the trusts had little influence over government
Which of the following is true of the Underground Railroad ? It system helped slaves escape South North .	"'It was a special train ', "" on which slaves could n't be found easily ."
Which would be the best title for the passage ? I 'm sorry , women really need stop apologizing	'Why are women always apologizing ?
What can we know about Washington 's friends ? They regularly visited Washington helped rehabilitation .	'They helped Washington make up for the lessons he had missed .
The purpose of the writer in writing the passage is to tell us interesting experience	"""tell us that the alarm system does n't work"
Which of the statement is Not True ? The volunteers make video calls friends families	'The volunteers are not going to move to outer space .
"Why do people call autism "" curse of Silicon Valley "" ? Because many people working Silicon Valley autism children ."	'Because autistic people live in Silicon Valley .
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? The writer suggests listen intuition .	"'The writer completed his college study in his teens .', ""The writer 's movie career did n't go all right so he returned to college ."
What might be the best title of this passage ? U.S First Lady Michal Obama visit China	"""China 's First Lady Welcome U.S First Lady"
When a driver is applying first aid , which of the following is proper ? Make sure scene safe enough stay away dangerous gas leaking .	'Stand in the middle of the road to stop or warn approaching cars .
According to the passage , the hero wanted to give Marguerite sufferings pride love hurt	"'forgive Marguerite because he found her unhappy', ""stop the relationship with Marguerite because he could n't keep her in the luxury"
What can we learn from the passage ? Guests express thanks host meal .	"""People do n't like to judge others by table manners ."
The main idea of the text is 400th anniversary Shakespeare 's death	'the influence Shakespeare has on English
From the passage , we can infer that China Pavilion probably continue open visitors Expo	'China Pavilion will be pulled down after the World Expo 2010 is over
How does dense planting affect weeds ? The crops block sunlight weed seeds need .	'The crops grow stronger than weeds .
Which is the best title of the text ? New software makes counting hairs easy .	'Do you think it is possible to count hairs ?
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Scientists observe high - energy light eyes .	'A black hole can be very tiny but extremely heavy .
Some people are against school uniforms because believe uniforms make students less creative	"'they fail to realize that students have accepted the uniforms', ""they do n't agree that uniforms can remove social barriers"
How did this sign language work ? The deaf make certain movements using hands , faces bodies .	'The deaf speak with their mouth .
In his later years , Artie Shaw almost stopped playing music	'worked for a magazine as an professional writer
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Robots help nurses save lot time .	'All robots have the same size .
How many people does he help in all ? Over 400 people .	'Around 100 people .
What is true about the world 's seven billionth person ? Baby Nargis child chosen seven billionth baby .	'Baby Nargis has been chosen carefully so it is exactly the seven billionth baby .
According to the passage , the United States will introduce a new exam because existing exam systems longer perfectly show students ' abilities	'more and more students want to get further education in the USA
Which is NOT one of the rules of the tomato fight ? People must wear protective glasses .	"""People ca n't use glass bottles ."
"The author takes "" the merger between Dell and EMC "" for example to show influence cloud computing computer storage device makers"	'the miserable sufferings of old computer companies
The passage mainly tells us that man look like future	"""man 's life will be different in the future"
How might the old man feel when his wife told him about the money ? He sorry happy thought .	'He was angry with her for not giving him the money earlier .
If a policeman wants to stop the traffic , he often holds hand	'puts his hands over the head
Which of the following is an example of multitasking ? Watching TV using computer	'Talking on the phone while lying on the sofa .
Which is NOT the reason why the author chose UCD ? There chance change major .	'He was attracted by Ireland and Irish culture .
How many days did he stay on the farm ? Four days	'A few days .
The passage can imply that Good fortune lies within bad , bad fortune lurks within good .	"""The author 's father did n't understand his child ."
Clearing bush will help control the increasingly severe forest fires . What is the main idea the author aims to express in the passage ? The results study wild fires .	'The causes of fires in the United States .
From this passage , we can learn that help countries come quake - hit country	'people know how to get rid of earthquakes
What does the writer really want to tell us ? How win parents .	'How to deal with strict parents .
As a volunteer doctor for MSF , he or she should ready work task least half year	'have worked in Africa for six months
Why did American city residents want to live in the suburbs after World War II ? Because richer needed space .	'Because older American cities were dying .
Which of the following is TRUE about carbon trading platforms ? The choking smog may promote development .	'They caused the choking smog in China .
When you have a post - office box , got post - office get letters	'it is easier for you to write letters
One benefit the new Israeli law may bring is prevent models suffering eating disorders	'to change the working conditions of models
It can be inferred that author 's husband environmentalist .	"""the author 's grandson likes drawing pictures on napkins ."
Which of the following is true according to the text ? It 's Monday Samoa Sunday America .	'Samoa once had a date change about 200 years ago .
What can you expect to learn at the classes ? All .	'What world heritage is .
This passage mainly talks about getting used new culture	'culture and foreign language learning
What is the key to avoid student suicides ? Students realize problems seek help others .	'Colleges and universities offer more help to students .
Why does the author decide to write a letter instead of calling ? It easier express feelings writing	"'She is sure that Beth will not answer', ""She 's afraid that they 'll quarrel on the phone"
We can infer from the passage that the freelance cameramen take lot risks course work	'are tied to many TV news agencies
The main point of the passage is something family Americans learn China	'family plays a very important role in America
According to the passage , when you say you hold onto something , you mean    hand keep putting fingers firmly roundit	'you have it in your arms and keep it there by putting your fingers firmly roundit
What would be the best title for the text ? How Deal With Your Overprotective Mum	'How to Get Along with Your Mum
What is the main topic of the reading ? Starbucks grown	"""Starbucks ' customers"
In January , 2015 , the figures    showed that fewer people expected would like second baby	'more people than expected would like to have a second baby
"What is the best title for this passage ? Children "" imagine "" pain away ."	"'How to stop stomachaches in public places .', ""Children 's imaginations are very active ."
Why did Li Hua write the email ? To get information Mrs. Daniels ' lessons	'To make friends with Mrs. Daniels
What would be the best title for the passage ? What Exactly Is Short Story ?	'How Do You Write a Short Story ?
Which of the following states is NOT true according to the passage ? The insurance company never look clips score cards customers .	"'Drive Cam will analyze the clips to find if the driver drives riskily .', ""All the students in Minnesota and Wisconsindon't like the system ."
Which of the following is WRONG ? An east wind made floes ice surrounding Xuelong loose .	"""The vessel had been conducting China 's 30th Antarctic expedition ."
From the passage , we know that plenty people opportunity watch live broadcast launch TV	'China plans to build a permanent space station on the moon in the near future
Which is the best title of the passage ? For Health -- Let 's Sing !	'Karaoke -- Best Place for Singing !
It can be inferred from the passage that students Lisa Yang 's class usually speak Chinese	"""there are few American students in Lisa Yang 's class"
The text mainly deals with different opinions teens ' chatting online	"""teens ' pleasant online experience"
Most Ugandans live villages small houses made wet earth , grass wood	'with their whole family in large mud houses in the countryside
Which of the following is NOT true ? It hard British borrow money bank .	'Most British adults are in debt in some v / ay .
If you know English , you 'll be able to read many science magazines world	'understand what people from different countries say
What can we learn from the passage ? We 'd better give away personal information Internet .	'Internet users should wear a mask .
This passage mainly tells us something Disney 's life	'how Disney make Cartoon movies
This leaflet is trying to inform people baggage inspection	'introduce one of the security acts
.We can tell from the story that the writer thinks we should follow fashion judgement	'keep up with the same fashion
What is the core argument that the author put forward ? One careful comes judge new idea .	'Dismissing ideas is an effortless thing to do so you should always protect ideas carefully .
What did the East India Company do to stop losing money ? It asked British government help .	'It reduced the price of its tea .
Which of the following is True ? The elephant many friends last .	"""The rabbit wants to be the tiger 's friend ."
Which of the following is TRUE about the plan ? It may benefit young people .	'Ninety - five theatres have received funding .
If you want to watch stunt shows , you can go to Movie World	'Sea World
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? You create film Film Making holiday .	"'Parents are looking forward to the next PGL holiday .', ""You need experience when taking Cook 's Academy holiday ."
Which of the following is TRUE about the Rhine Falls ? It possibly history 17,000 years .	'It is the most beautiful waterfalls in the world .
The author mentions Puhl 's study to show ticket policy make body discrimination serious	'women are less likely to suffer discrimination
In many families , men make decision on    expensive purchases	'sports viewing
Why is it not easy being a teenager or a parent of a teenager ? Because make child feel hurt , misunderstood say without realizing .	'Because the teenager is very naughty .
We can learn from the passage that common restaurant owner neighborhood weapon	'this is the first time for Walker to buy food from Good Friend Restaurant
National Geographic Kids is a website that may help kids to realize importance environment	'learn how to get along with all kinds of animals
We can infer from the passage that baseball field play part helping recycle water .	'we can not buy a mobile TV before the 2008 Olympic Games .
Why did the boy buy a CD every day from the music store ? Because fell love pretty girl .	'Because his mother asked him to do so .
What 's the best title of the passage ? The argument salt health .	'Less salt 
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Israeli people 's attitudes prisoner exchange .	'How the kidnapped soldier Gilad Shalit managed to return home .
"By saying "" Angel was cooking up a way to help the animals "" , the writer means     Angel thinking idea help animals"	'Angel wanted to cook the animals for food
What does the study mentioned in this passage show ? Dogs read human actions feelings .	'Dogs prefer yummier foods .
It can be inferred from the passage that Miss Forsythe planned game way purpose	'Miss Forsythe helped the author pick up the tallest girl
What may be the best title of the passage ? A life , brief length depth	'How to make the best of life
We can learn from the passage that fireworks allowed sold people like .	'every Spring Festival falls on February 18
If you want to go to a musical , you should go to    Shenzhen Poly Theater	'Shenzhen Grand Theater
From the text it can be inferred that men prefer pour hearts forgiving environment	'women are better at writing poems about emotions than men
The first English dictionary list difficult words one - word definitions	'defined easy words as well as hard ones
Which following statement is TRUE according to the passage ? The chickens ran fast farmer catch .	'The farmer knew the three - legged chickens tasted good .
Whichof the following is NOT considered in the study ? The number computer hacking incidents .	'The number of wireless computer networks identified .
What did the mother think of the Buddy 's poem ? She thought poem well written .	'She considered Buddy had no talent for poetry .
From what Panos said we can learn that Panos n't like idea boys girls separate classes .	"'Panos thinks that the idea is very good for they can talk freely .', ""Panos does n't accept the fact that girls in her class have to finish many tasks ."
What can we learn from the passage ? One always honest .	"""A good carpenter should n't earn money from his labor ."
What does the story mainly want to tell us ? When kind others , .	'We should try our best to be kind and friendly to birds .
What kind of movies do boys like according to the passage ? Comedies , action movies scary movies .	'Action movies and scary movies .
If you want to travel in holidays , what should you do at first ? Look places visit .	'Think over the way to travel
Which place is only known by some Italians ? Villa Punta San Nicola , Favignana .	'Baglio Fontana 
"What is the purpose of this passage ? To introduce word "" pan "" American English ."	'To tell us some stories about the gold rush .
Walking along the street , Mr. Bussman happened meet workman talked .	'Mr. Bussman recognized his brother at the first sight .
The main purpose of the passage is to    attract customers Laid - Back West , Inc.	"""sell Rooster Morris ' children 's books"
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Species become smaller climate warms	"'Why do some species become smaller ?', ""How does climate change in Earth 's history ?"
How did the silver ball go into the boy 's nose ? The boy pushed ball nose .	'His mother put it into his nose .
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? The Chinese students college already helped fellow students	"'The school is the first in England to make Chinese a compulsory subject .', 'Mr Cairns has just been made head of this high - achieving college .', ""In Mr Cairns ' opinion "
Which of the following is TRUE about Vincent van Gogh ? He liked paint using bright color1s .	'He never painted people .
The passage mainly tells us about     origin Valentine 's Day	'how Valentine died .
From the passage , we can infer that Charlie could n't support family enough money	'Charlie knew who paid the money for the new glasses
If parents put on a faux - happy face , undergo worse feelings	'their children will be protected
When the writer says that today it is the TV that rules , he means that the TV major means today 's communication	'has led to a new communications age
What does the passage mainly tell us ? The American dream owning house .	'The cost of having a house built .
Which of the following may trick a shopper into buying a product according to the text ? The color package .	'The price of the product .
What kind of advice does the text suggest about apologizing ? It 's good idea write letter apology soon something gone wrong .	"""It 's a good idea to send several emails to apologize ."
Why did the elephant and the whale lose the game ? They actually fought rabbit .	'They were not as strong as the rabbit .
The author believes a most important way for a student to improve work quality is to improve reading writing skills	'find a quiet place to read and write
The best title of the text might be Drink Fruit Juice Instead Sodas	'The Deadliest Forms of Cancer
When doing his study , Orpinas found students ' study skills connection frequency dating	"'followed a group of students of 6th and 12th grade', 'completed a survey and a report each year', ""completed questionnaires about the students ' academic efforts"
Mr . White 's job is to look chairs park	'clean the park
For people who want to reduce the risk of osteoporosis , we can infer that the writer may suggest that they spend time exercising	'avoid milk with Vitamin D and Vitamin A added
What is the main idea of the passage ? Space flight may bad astronauts ' eyes .	"""Scientists are doing research on astronauts ' eyes ."
This passage mainly wants to tell us citizens react problems face	'how a neighborhood meeting can solve its problems
Which of the following sentences is TRUE ? You open windows train .	'You can choose food on the plane .
How long does it usually take you to travel from Birmingham to London by the ordinary train ? One hour 24 minutes .	'49 minutes .
According to the passage , which of the following about Pemberton is wrong ? During Civil War , officer cavalry troop , chemist doctor .	'Medicines like Triplex Liver Pills and Globe of Flower Cough Syrup are his patent products .
From this passage we can learn that English gained status world language	'why English has become a world language
40 . The best title for this passage may be Win - Cube Program	'Manitoba School
What can be inferred from this passage ? If someone wants successful , always stand firm .	"'Chicago was not the Promised Land for the black southerners in 1933 .', ""John 's father died in an accident during the war ."
What 's the main idea of the passage ? E - books read well , people prefer paper books .	'E - books are better than paper books .
What does the author say about the flu B virus ? B Virus unstable , responsible epidemics cause frequent concern .	'B Virus is   ly stable and causes mild infections that do not spread far through the population .
"What does "" Single Mother by Choice "" mean ? It means single women late 30s early 40s decided children ."	'It means single mothers have a choice .
The author writes this passage in order to attract readers visit city Bath	"""ask readers to buy Austen 's books"
What happened to the writer on his first day of high school ? He fooled schoolboy .	'He was five minutes late for class .
Which sentence is NOT true according to the passage ? Most things done good planet .	'We must stop the factories from pouring waste water into the rivers and lakes .
"What was Elvis ' music style like most ? Not country western also bit "" blues """	'Only country and western
After Katharine Graham got married husband gave previous job	'she got a job editing letters for the editor
The author would NOT agree that experimenting new things quickest way learn	"""people can learn from their own experience and others '"
From the passage we can infer that unnatural people shed tears	"'we can reduce our stress by shedding tears', ""shedders of tears ca n't get help by crying loudly"
Which of the statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Public speaking easy . Have go , make .	'The more important the speech is 
Luca and other brilliant inventors around him shared a dream of accepted members Island Inventions	'being great inventors of worldwide fame
According to the passage , modern humans arrived Europe 44,000 years ago	'modern humans arrived in Europe before Neanderthals
What can we infer from the forming of the Tory Party and the Whig Party ? These two parties established influence different religious beliefs .	'These two parties originally believed in different religions .
Which kind of dogs is easy to teach ? Young dogs .	'Old dogs .
Which of the following is NOTincluded in Andreas Roehl 's plan ? All commuters pushed leave cars home .	'The former jammed bike paths will be widened .
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? To See Better -- Feel	'Touching by Feeling
What can you infer from the passage ? The heavily - polluted air breathe , sooner 'll cancer .	'The average death rate rises with different ages and places .
In 1834 , what happened to the clock tower ? The clock tower broke .	'People finished the clock tower .
It is clear that people understood relationship differently	'all the mice came out of the hole easily
What 's the best title for this passage ? Teenagers ' TV time may affect diets later .	'People should keep away from TV to keep healthy .
Today scientists believe that hearing 10 percent workers Britain deafened noise work	'90 percent of all the workers in Britain are not suffering from    noise
Which of the following statement is NOT true ? AB mixture A B	'Carelessness in a blood transfusion may lead to death .
People use Richter scale to tell     serious earthquake	'where the earthquake takes place
When a person falls in love , experience complex feelings brought different regions brain	'he will be committed to the beloved as long as necessary
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Wilbur Wright flew 852 feet December 17 , 1903 .	'The Wright brothers built all the parts of their first plane .
What is the best title of this passage ? Never forget mother language	'How to learn Chinese ?
George was interested in tricks planes	'taking small planes
As a whole the passage advises the readers to face competition balanced state mind	'realize we are living in a world of competition
What is shown in Cartwright 's clinic ? The relation dreams emotions .	'The functions of vivid dreams .
The writer argued   with his son because tried teach son moral    lesson son totally different opinion	'he liked tortoises while his son liked hares
When will the charity show be held ? 7:30 p. m.9:00 p. m. , 29 April .	'7:30 a. m.9 : 00 a. m. 
According to the research , light smokers high possibility dying heart disease	'are not likely to suffer from heart problems
From the rules set for making commercial ads , we can see that ad designers attract different people different skills	'the lower - middle - class buyer likes to work with his hand
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Xiong Shengyue thought children take care gift money .	"'Chen Jie got 3600 yuan as reward this Spring Festival .', ""Chu Chaohui thought parents should n't play a big party in dealing with the money ."
Which of the following is the conclusion that the writer of this passage has drawn ? If n't play poker , may disadvantage human society .	'World history would certainly be different without poker .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The author cares looking good girlfriends .	'Girls should constantly compare themselves with others to improve their beauty .
In the experiment , the researchers trained the archerfish rewarding food	'by taking photos of fish
Which items are proper when using your mobile phone ? We ca n't make answer call driving .	'We can send messages or play games at a dinner or a party .
In what way has the financial crisis affected Bronner 's Christmas Wonderland ? The sales corporation instead going .	'Only two percent of sales are overseas .
If you want to make a talking picture , you need to All	'take a picture and record what you want to say with the company
Why did Haleigh 's stepfather demand that her life support not be removed ? Because might accused murder died .	"'Because she might be comatose if the life support was removed .', ""Because Haleigh 's biological mother hopes so too ."
What is the paradox    of American culture according to the author ? Status symbols real indicator person 's wealth .	'The American road to success is full of nightmares .
What is the response to The Cove on the Japanese side ? The town government Taiji kept silent criticism .	'Taiji broke up with its western sistercity Broome .
As for the design that an insect robot can receive and send information , how do you infer   it works ? There must controlling chip well connected insect 's brain .	"""The insect 's eyes and other organs must be replaced by some special equipment ."
Based on the passage , the development of empathy in children is influenced most by much time fathers spend	'how happy they are with their fathers
The author of this passage intends to let us know knowledge Bulgarian culture	'tell us the differences between customs and festivals
Which is the newest to the American pop culture ? Hot Potato !	'Mashed Potato dance .
What time does Jodie usually get up ? At 6:30 a. m.	'At 5:00 a. m.
The author seems to agree that besides academic background , sense responsibility also important	"'middle school graduates should choose good universities as well as good majors', ""university students should n't work hard at their lessons"
Which of the following can NOT be learned from World 's Strictest Parents ? Badly - behaved teens behave better week super strict family .	"'The host parents are too strict with the teens .', ""Some teens dislike their host family 's rules ."
By mentioning the results of a recent study , the author wants to show that many kids cellphones	"""not all cellphones meet kids ' needs"
Why do most old people often get hurt or die when they are crossing the road ? Because ca n't see hear well .	'Because they forget to look and listen .
Why did the researchers at the two universities conduct the research ? To test whether exercise really improve cognition .	'To discover the placebo effect in the exercise .
Parisis regarded as one of the most suitable places for roller - skating because streets safe , wide smooth	'a large number of roller players attend it
Which one is RIGHT about election reforms ? People eighteen years old vote .	'People have to pay a special tax to vote .
This passage is mainly about changes homeless late 20th century	"""one homeless person 's story"
""" Police saw no reason to doubt that the man had been stuck in the car for a very long time . "" implies that police sure fact"	"""police did n't think it true"
Why do children love to grow sunflowers in their garden ? The seeds easy plant unnecessary sort .	'They want to decorate their garden with sunflowers .
We can learn from the text that     honored work one 's family member	'it is unnecessary to keep work rules - of behavior
What can be the best title for the passage ? Donny Rusty	"""The Parents ' Love"
Why does Trudy practice the piano every day ? Because wants concert pianist .	'Because she wants to help Lily .
In order to cut down transportation cost , many schools take the following measures EXCEPT asking parents drive children school	'changing some bus routes
What do we learn from the passage ? Dequina feels sad releases hatchlings .	"'Dequina has worked for the hatchery for six years .', ""The hatchery is far from Dequina 's house ."
Which place may you choose if your kids like listening to stories ? Starved Rock State Park Oglesby .	'County Line Orchard in Hobart .
How was the fire put out according to the text ? Houses standing path fire destroyed according King 's order .	'All the wooden houses in the city were destroyed .
What do the four camps have in common ? They include end - - camp performance .	'They are all open to students in all grades .
"Which statement is NOT true according to the article ? In West , little difference "" sins "" "" crimes "" ."	'In the West 
What can we infer from the passage ? The No . 2 Middle School stress students enjoy ancient Chinese civilization .	"'Students can easily enjoy the ideas in Lun Yu .', ""You 'll get 30 marks from learning Lun Yu ."
What do you know about the camp ? It begin July 16 last five days .	'Students in any grade can take part in the camp .
The argument against the headmaster 's request is that schools pay attention things important students ' clothes	'dress in Italian schools is too casual
What is the main idea of the passage ? Breaking bad habits .	'Forming good habits .
In Peterson 's opinion , art , music PE classes important .	'students should be motivated to attend art classes .
The passage is mainly talking about household inventions influence	'the correct use of household facilities
Where is Diaoyu Dao ? 123deg20'-124deg40'E .	'In the northeast of China .
What can be learned about the activity of renting textbooks launched by TextbookRental.ca ? It enjoyed Canada .	'The books can be returned in any condition .
which of the following is true ? Any bird come bird feeder eat	'People buy animal food only at the animal food stores
In the passage , Amsterdam is described as a city explored foot	'that has two historic museums in all
Which of the following does not agree with the chosen passage ? People suffer colds like stay indoors .	'The Eskimos do not suffer from colds all the time .
From the passage we learn that     good ways bridge generation gap	'parents and children should not have a generation gap
What can we learn about draftsmen from the passage ? They main members architectural team .	'They all work in groups with a project architect .
Everyone around Samuel was surprised because he could play piano without reading music	'received a good early education in music
It can be inferred from the passage that author satisfied human relationships world	"""the author has n't seen the old man since then"
Which of the following statements is true ? The man series strange things police could n't arrest .	"'The woman recognized the man and wanted to arrest him .', ""The police knew the man 's identity and arrested him finally ."
What we can learn from the story ? Do n't delay expressing love	'One can get cheap flowers if he wants to show true love
After the conflict resolution program was started in Atlanta , it was found that decrease classroom violence	'there was less student cooperation in the classroom
What is the passage mainly about ? Changes zoos time .	'Protection of zoo animals .
Boxing has always managed to survive as a sport . In the author 's opinion , reason fully explained	'this is because many people can participate in this popular sport
It can be inferred from the passage that electricity used 4D technology	'4D printing has been applied in industry
Which do you think is the best title   for this passage ? Making friends	'With the Teacher in Class
What can we conclude   from the passage ? Things always seem .	"'The author was so hungry that he went into the local restaurant to eat .', ""The author did n't understand what the homeless man did ."
What is the main idea of the passage ? How Michael Jackson earned $ 90 million months since death .	"""Why Michael Jackson 's music is so popular all over the world ."
What is the article mainly about ? An introduction origin influences Black Friday .	'Tips on how to get good bargains on Black Friday .
We may infer that during the summer holidays breakfast served weekends	'The library will continue its usual hours on weekdays
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? In China , people think modest virtue .	"""The girl did n't hear the boy clearly ."
Which of the following is true ? You get account number place order online	'You must put what you choose in a basket as you do in a supermarket .
The author may agree that tests life , shape personalities	"'sometimes things may happen because of luck', ""we should n't let other people affect us"
Which of the following is NOT true ? All people believe rock music films high art .	'It is difficult to tell high art from popular art .
To make and keep many friends , you need to do the following EXCEPT quarrel friends	'get in touch with people
The new research helps us understand likely make mistakes ACC badly injured	'why people with illnesses usually have so many strange behaviors
Why does the author visit the place where his subject used to stay ? To gather information .	'To find out hi hidden assets .
Sara Mednick indicates that people become less productive without nap	'taking a short nap at work is a waste of time
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? It usually easy killer bee catch healthy adult .	"""It 's a better way to jump into water to escape the attack of killer bees ."
What would be the best title for the passage ? Crazy Fans Death Valley .	'Importance of Death Valley .
In 16th and 17th centuries the artists thought watercolor suitable finished works	'watercolor was more costly 
According to the definition in the passage , a fictional work that places human beings in a prehistoric world inhabited by dinosaurs called science fiction places people environment different one know	"'can not be called science fiction because it does not deal with the future', ""can not be called science fiction because it does n't deal with technology"
"The passage is most probably entitled ""   American Superstitions"	"""American 's Bad Luck"
The word shelter in the reading means place keep homeless animals	'a place to study animals
What is the main idea of the text ? Isolated Amazon tribes monitored satellites .	'Amazon tribes are disappearing .
What is the best title of the passage ? Obama complains lack privacy president	"""Obama ca n't live a normal life"
What is the best title for the passage ? Fashion Environment	'Environmentally - friendly Clothes
Which of the following statements about Whitney Elizabeth Houston is TRUE according to the passage ? She regarded - awarded female actress time .	'Her last film Sparkle was released before her death .
When were the written test held ? On morning afternoon June 22 .	'Only on the morning of June 22 .
Which is true according to the passage ? Headache may last several minutes .	'Headache maybe cover the whole body .
What is Lomborg 's main accusation of environmentalists ? They scared people making donations .	"""They overturned our basic assumptions about the world 's environment ."
The author does n't think that youth is time get job	'the best time of our lives
What is the main idea of this article ? Expressing love families	'Understanding the love of parents
Smoking is bad health	'not bad for us
The best way to deal with the bitterness is to     forgive person hurts us forget	'make the person who hurts us look bad
who keeps the rooms warm at night ? Heat walls .	'The desert air 
What is the researchers ' understanding of the New Zealand study results ? The connection TV education levels difficult explain	'Poorly motivated 26-year - olds watch more TV .
Which of the following does the author favor ? Enough sleep good skin .	'Have some good skin care products .
What did Arthur do for the first time at the age of ten ? He played tennis better players older .	'He entered the park where his father worked .
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To introduce website help kids homework .	'To promote learning materials to students .
The purpose of this writing is enjoy present life get happiness	'about how to complain about stress in work and life
The examples of some famous people are given to show that 's link drinking coffee creating ideas	'most artists like drinking coffee
What was strange about the wedding in Bangladesh ? The bride groom young .	'The wedding was on a farm
If you stand 200 meters away from a man who is firing a gun to start a race , you will find out that sound travel fast light .	'the sound of the gun will reach you before the man fires his gun .
Driving in winter is dangerous because unexpected things may often happen	'people drive three times faster than usual
Which of the following is NOT true ? Volunteers give much money elderly people .	'Volunteers read books for people with poor eyesight .
Why are there conflicts between children and parents ? Parents sometimes rule makers .	"""Children do n't respect their parents as before ."
"You can sense the existence of a woman from the following sentences EXCEPT ""   Soft winds touched trees Stanislau ."	'There was a bright rug on the shining wooden floor .
Honeybees are social insects because work groups	'there is queen bee in every colony
The writer mentions a market in Paris in order to show that     people make money card collecting	'card collecting is popular among young people
What can we know from the passage ? Camilla Broomstick lucky survive .	'Camilla Broomstick had a strong will .
Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a problem of carrying out intellectual property rights ? Internet service providers want cooperate police .	'Laws are not the same in all countries .
Which of the following can be learned from the passage ? Wood 's design replace animals experiments .	'The robotic flyer is designed to learn about insects .
We may infer from the passage that author quite understood father time went	"""the author 's father lacked a sense of humor"
Which of the following statements about Mo Yan 's works is correct ? Some works translated English .	'Mo was awarded the Nobel Prize for Red Sorghum Clan .
We can infer that cars allowed run widened Noerrebrogade thoroughfare	"""most of people in Copenhagen ca n't afford to buy cars"
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Shanghai Disney Resort open June 16 .	'Shanghai Disney Resort is the largest one in the world .
The main purpose of the text is to show true meaning happiness	'describe the difference between happiness and fun
What did the State Council publish on April 5 , 2012 ? New rules school bus safety .	'New rules about student safety .
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Go Lala Go ! -- Office Life Not All Fairytale Drama	'The Life of White Collars
From the passage we can learn that whether graveyards elephants still known	"""other animals know where elephants ' graveyards are"
Whywas a low - cost test developed Because drug development slow costly .	'Because scientists want to know whether a chemical is likely to be made into an effective medicine
Which of the following is true ?    The young man got train .	'The young man went past the railway station .
Why are some people against the Healthy Families Act ? Many companies'financial situations good due recession .	"'Companies have no such duty to provide paid sick time .', ""The nation Ca n't afford to do as the Act requires ."
Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage ? The Scientific Method	'Generalisations of Scientific Theory
Which of the following is TRUE about the second case ? The older stepdaughter cares sister .	'The two stepdaughters always buy Mindful Mum gifts .
Which of the following is TRUE about vending machines ? In places , ca n't get beer vending machine .	'All the vending machines in the world are the same .
According to Health benefits , we can learn Eating pomegranates may help remove build - damage blood vessels .	'The pomegranate tree and fruit are used to make medicine .
Which of the following is not true ? We need n't take care eat .	'Some wrappings of food are harmful .
What is the passage about ? Different opinions changing classroom .	'Schools should offer diversified classes to students .
What is the purpose of the passage ? To argue understand happiness .	'To show how to achieve happiness .
Which of the following is true ? The old man great wisdom .	'The old man was poor .
Why   does the man let the birds eat the food ?     Because wants get birds .	'Because the birds want to eat it .
Zhang Chao has become a celebrity in cyberspace because smog pictures spread widely Sina Weibo	'he has taken many pictures of smog
The part - time students work living daytime study evening	'are internal students
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? Children 's Books Literature Are Very Popular .	"""There Are Six Kinds of Children 's Books ."
What is the most suitable title for this piece of advertisement ? Send Us Your Work	'Join Teen Ink
If you only consider your own importance , 'll think better others	'your life will be like the solid and strong ground
What would be the best title for this passage ? Go live country	'Life in the city
It can be inferred that career decision misunderstood many people n't take life - long process	'your career will be definitely successful if you make a well informed decision
What 's the main idea of the text ? Smaller plants may many advantages neighbors .	'In the plant world 
On his father 's birthday , the boy wanted to    give father kisses	'have a talk with his father
What is the passage mainly about ? Chocolate may help keep people slim .	'Chocolate may be healthy for us .
What is directly related to global warming ? Methane ruminants .	'Consumption of meat .
Which of the following is NOT what parents are advised to do ? Reduce children 's sleeping time .	'Read to children when possible .
What has the writer been looking forward to doing ? Seeing heart recipient .	"""Contacting the kidney recipient 's family ."
It can be inferred from the passage that nowadays most people like enjoy music simple easy style .	'have difficulty in understanding the viral movie music .
Which can be the best title of the article ? Dogs Reflect China 's Rise	'Chinese Dogs Are Lucky
What is it that leads to their winning the prize ? They put forward set ideas deal unemployment .	"'They have found the reason for unemployment .', ""They have found out why people do n't want to be employed ."
Winter - swimming has become popular in Beijing because winter - swimming lot good one 's health	'more and more people like to swim in winter
What is the passage mainly about ? English becoming increasingly acceptable France .	'French people have great difficulty speaking English .
What can we learn from the passage ? The price ticket ordered via cell phone lower .	'Ordering tickets through the net can get good seats .
The disadvantages of our books are the following except Our authors never know children need .	'many of our books are of the same
This passage is mainly about Chinese cartoonist chased dream lived .	"'that Chinese cartoonists are the greatest in the world .', ""that China 's dream of being the top animation and manga nation ."
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? The Louvre church well palace .	'Da Vinci once stayed in France .
The passage mainly tells us n't greedy	'tortoises are clever animals
According to Dr. Iman Sharif, watching TV weekends n't affect school performance	'watching TV on weekends affects school performance
What can we learn from the passage ? Jenny better Henry school .	"""The twins ' father loves Jenny better ."
"Also in the last sentence , the two "" them "" refer to Americans Europeans separately"	'Americans
According to this passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Clinton government poorer Bush government .	'President George W. Bush supports space weapon development .
Choose the sentence which best gives the main idea of the passage . Man take measures control growth world 's deserts .	'The deserts of the world are always changing .
What 's the best title of the passage ? New Year joy around world .	'The history of New Year .
What is the purpose of this text ? To tell story western alphabet .	'To compare the western alphabet with others .
Which of the following would lead to a waste of water ? Keeping water running brushing one 's teeth .	'Using low - flow shower heads .
Which of the following is true ? Average IQ scores increased groups .	"""Only the piano players ' IQs increased ."
How did the writer like the shop ? He found dusty , old friendly lovely little shop .	'He found it a modern big shop .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? A school party 15 students pay 90 standby tickets .	'There are only 8 wheelchair spaces in the theatre .
We can infer from the passage that It less challenging humans bees store main features several objects .	'Chittka thinks that bumblebees failed to remember the color of the flowers
What can we learn about Szilard and Wigner ? They influential Einstein .	'They had cheated their friend Einstein .
What are the first words when English people meet ? Say hello .	'Talk about the weather .
. Today the Swedish drink much tea coffee	'much more coffee than tea
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? El Nino something Zimbabwe 's poor crops .	'Scientists come to understand how El Nino appears .
Why is Higgins astonished when Eliza demands recognition ? Because n't realize Eliza become independent person .	"'Because he thought Eliza was only a statue .', ""Because his mother 's friends do n't like Eliza at all ."
What do we know about the new study ? Over two - thirds parents turned teenagers tech matters .	'Few parents trust their children to give them advice .
What did the invention of paper mean ? It meant people could educated	'paper is one of the most important products
When a Chinese traveller is arriving at Heathrow Airport for a trip in London , he must fill landing card first	'walk through the Red Channel
"What did Denis Hennequin do to increase the sales of McDonald in Europe ? He introduced "" open door "" visitor 's days country ."	"""He visited all the McDonaId 's branches in Europe ."
How did the little boy get the Pokemon toys ? The little girl bought Poknemon toys .	'His father bought him the Poknemon toys .
The best title for this passage is Good study habits	'Study in the bedroom
According to the passage , it can be inferred that surfing Internet become important part teenagers ' lives	"""parents should n't leave teenagers alone at home"
The largest mall in the United States 350 shops	'can hold 750
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? It hoped kids may give thoughts ways spending time .	"""The headmaster thinks that children should n't touch computer until they are old enough ."
In Pasquier 's opinion , the Telenoid robot    may trouble performing music .	'will replace human musicians soon .
All the rooms in the house light , good windows let fresh air	'have high floors and wood windows
The writer mainly wants to tell us remember polite public places	'not to drink tea in the street
Who can become addicted to sugar easily ? People eat sweet regularly .	"'People who eat lots of fat and fast food .', ""People who do n't have a balanced diet ."
From this passage , we can infer that We learn Argentina	'We should play football only for fun 
What dose the author suggest research - led universities do ? Fully use research benefit sectors society .	'Advertise their research to win international recognition .
It can most likely be inferred from the passage that U. S. great difficulty improving economy .	"""China will have confidence in Obama forever according to Wen 's speech"
When Bill fell down on his way home , Mark    helped pick things	'went away quickly
The writer thinks that SMS helps people lot	'young people dislike SMS
The main purpose of the passage is to inform readers findings voices	"'encourage men to use shorter words and talk less', ""argue against women 's breathy way of speaking"
York learned how to behave like a doctor by watching doctors work	'talking to doctors and nurses
Though the author does n't tell us directly , we can conclude that Alan four years training Horticulture journalist	"""Alan 's school teachers were not good at teaching the subject : Botany"
What does this passage mainly want to tell us ? Encourage everyone help others need .	"""Introduce a famous star 's birthday wish ."
Which is one of the reasons for the change of application ? To promote Australia ' values	'To encourage new immigrants
Why did the writer think his son was the best in the past ? Because son always made feel proud .	'Because his son joined many team sports .
According to the passage , why do people read newspapers ? Newspaper supply us detailed information .	'Newspapers are cheaper than any other news medium .
According to the text , the food bank gives food people need	'helps sell the food in supermarkets
The young man counted 1 569 got drink tea	'counted from 1 to 1000 and fell asleep
The author advises readers to start cooking Sundays regularly	'buy the cookbook The Family Cooks
Healthy competition benefits consumers because------------------ . gives many chances choose products	'it gets companies to improve their services
From the text , we can guess the writer 's team is basketball team school city	'a football team from a school in the city
The passage mainly tells us people usually Chinese New Year	'Chinese New Year is around the corner
According to the writer , when you are ill you 'd better stop working ask leave	'go to work on time as usual
"Which of the following sentences can best explain the line "" The gift without the giver is bare . "" ? A gift valued mind giver ."	'Forgiveness is a gift for the giver and the receiver .
Why do most traffic accidents happen ? Because people careless .	"'Because people stop their cars suddenly .', ""Because people do n't know the rules ."
The best title for this passage is Online Shopping China	"""Wang Wei 's Life"
According to the passage , what may make the author excited ? A native speaker 's praise .	'Reading papers and Internet sites .
Which would be the best title for this passage ? Go Sleep !	'Sleep More !
The author thinks that the conquerors and generals and soldiers really help civilization forward	'are greater than any other people
The writer of the passage does n't agree that parents want control	"'parents want you to grow up healthily', ""parents do n't want you to make some bad friends"
Which of the following is NOTthe author 's idea ? The society n't done enough old people .	'China has entered an aged society .
What is special for the Chicago Jazz Festival this year ? Tribute New Orleans .	'Jazz on Jackson Stage .
Which of the following does the writer suggest that we should not do ? Compost home waste landfill site .	'Share cars with other people if possible .
Dyslexia Action is intended to      . get dyslexia understood better people	'promote effective ways of teaching kids with dyslexia
Which is right about Chapman ? She plays basketball 50 years later .	"""She thinks playing basketball is n't ladylike ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? Bullet train D3115 forced stop result stormy weather .	"'The Railway Ministry is investigating the cause with the help of the "" black box "" ."
Many consumers do n't make a complaint because takes time make complaint	'many complaints are lost
The writer took part in the interview because support family Boston .	'hehad lost his job and wanted to find a new one .
The passage could be best entitled Learn Model	'Learn 
What is the best title for the passage ? Emotionally intelligent people less good spotting liars .	'How to detect deception in our daily life .
According to the author , why are some things funny to some people but not to others ? Because people 's understanding violation different .	'Because the sense of humor varies greatly from person to person .
According to the passage , it is obvious that foods freshmen home may healthier dorm cafeteria	'to break the monotony 
What can we infer from Freeman 's words ? The ability making fast judgments acquired .	'The amygdala tracks only faces of bad men .
The Pyrenean ibex was mentioned to show that scientists likely bring back recently extinct species	'scientists are only able to bring back small species
What 's the best title for this story ? How Earn Money Trip	'How to Make Necklaces
The main idea of this passage is about advice learn English	'the importance of learning English
What 's the purpose did the author write the passage ? To prove love dog former owner .	'To warn the people in the town not to keep dogs .
By calling the old man the writer 's Christmas Man , the writer 's supervisor implied that old man best gift writer could received Christmas	'the old man had told the writer a love story on Christmas
Which school team won the regional first prize in the first national basketball competition for high school students ? Beijing No . 2 Middle School .	'Shanghai No . 2 Middle School .
Why should enough space be left between sunflowers ? To protect ripe seed heads harvest .	'To prevent birds from eating sunflower seeds .
What do we know about the strange law in Canada ? Shop owners decide use coins .	"'It is a newly invented law', ""You are n't allowed to use dollar - coins ."
Which of the following might have happened afterwards ? Both B C	"'The king died in the river', ""The king 's daughter changed back from gold to a lovely girl"
Dark matter is difficult to investigate because ca n't see measure mass	"""it 's hard to measure the light it produces and reflects"
From the text we can infer the FreedomRide is a     safety belt	'car seat
The following effects are caused by Nicotine EXCEPT that causes heart beat less fast	'it can make new smokers feel dizzy or sick to their stomachs
When conflicts arise among team members , the team leader should work differences	"'worry about the team members', ""ignore the team members ' voices"
According to the passage , which of the following is FALSE ? Beijing decreased efforts restore key relics older streets city .	'Hutong style is one of the unique characteristics of Beijing .
From the text we know that the author says nothing certain pattern better	'believes that longer working hours is better
From the passage we learn that Mount Unzen is the name of active volcano	'a huge volcano explosion
What is the effect of atmosphere ? It makes earth neither hot cold .	'IT only traps the heat of the sun .
The author is primarily concerned with discussing effects changes CO2level atmosphere might climate	'explaining the effects that the burning of fossil fuels might have on climate
Why did the father ask his son to put the perch back ? Because ethics must observed .	'Because the father disliked the perch .
When Thatcher worked as Secretary of SES , n't respected leaders party	'her party took her and her opinions seriously
Some students in high school start drinking mainly because want fit surroundings	'they think drinking is quite interesting
Which of the following is not allowed in Britain ? Children 15 drinking pub adults .	'Children under 14 entering a pub with their parents .
What can we learn from the passage ? Katie 's secret lunch discovered author accident .	'Katie was informed that her parents had known her secret .
How did the writer feel about staying at home on national day ? He felt lucky stay home national day .	'He believed it was interesting to stay at home on national day .
The text is mainly about discovery largest ozone hole	'the discovery of the Antarctica ozone hole
Which of the following statements about World Reading Day is TURE ? It also day great writers born dead .	'It was set up to encourage people to learn English .
What 's the best title of this article ? Father child bonding important	'How to make the child have a happier lifestyle
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Children n't watch TV four hours day weekends .	"""Researchers did the survey by studying the students ' test scores ."
What is the main idea of the text ? An introduction Elvis ' life achievements .	"""Elvis ' great contribution to music ."
Which of the statements is true according to the article ? Cymber Larkin n't want live father 's shadow	"'Cymber Larkin thinks dressing up is important for a performer', ""Cymber Larkin plays lacrosses to win her father 's respect"
Which of the following is RIGHT according to the passage ? Having balanced life best way keep stress away .	'Different kinds of stress will help you with the study a lot .
Inspiration or creativity , according to this passage , comes about when mind loses hangs	"'your mind is in an "" unusual uses "" task"
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Parents ' influence children .	"""Mothers ' influence on their sons ."
It is shown in the passage that sleeping better helps regulate symptom mediators	'the researchers obtain information about the sleep habits by frequent interviews
Which of the following is the best title of this passage ? Military robots future	'Half robots 
Which of the following would the writer probably agree with ? color1 ladybugs tells meat - eating animals taste terrible	'female northern cardinal may have color1ful and bright feathers .
. What would the writer probably suggest we say to ourselves when we make a mistake ? Ok ! Now I learn something .	'Never mind 
What was the sixteenth General Assembly 's goal ? To help newly developing countries develop .	'To help increase the economy of the world .
What does the last example show ? One careful fake foning .	"""One effective way is to fake fone one 's doctor ."
What was suggested about the construction of a new city at sea ? The building city would rest floating island .	'The city was to be designed together with a harbor .
Which of the following is true ? Zhang Feng family planning department director Guangdong Province .	'Those who give birth to a second child in Hong Kong will be fined .
Professor Andrade thinks doodling stop us daydreaming	'those given the doodling task can remember less information
"What does the word "" franchise "" mean in the passage ? A permission given company selling goods ."	'A company policy for building up service reputation .
Which of the following factors contributes to child obesity ? dysbiosis gut microbiota	'dietary modulation of gut microbiota
Why does the writer give the examples of Yevgen Adamenko and David Duke ? To show influence Homeless World Cup .	'To attract people to join the Homeless World Cup .
It is implied that people enjoy foods trouble losing weight	'there are only three body types
What 's the main purpose of this passage ? To promote proven exercise techniques advise false advertisements .	'To sponsor rich healthy lifestyle based on advanced product research .
The two comments in the passage are intended to indicate     . Shanghai Super Star enjoys good reputation among customers	'Susan is very professional and can meet the needs of different customers
What call we learn about UV Waterworks ? It 's used clean water .	"""It 's Gadgil 's first invention"
Some big - game hunters are still allowed to hunt elephants because money pay used save elephants	'elephants are eating their crops k@s5u
According to the passage , noise is loud unwanted sound	'any kind of sound
What can we infer from the text ? Longwei Xiaozi needs young actress part speak English well .	'It took the author two years to finish the movie \n Red Cliff .
If someone chooses Shanghai Hotel , he may interested Chinesestyle decoration	'can go to the Technical University of Delft
It can be inferred from the text that parents provide opportunity teens practice taking responsibility .	'parents should let adolescents take responsibility for decision if the result is not harmful .
What does the last sentence in Para.3 mean ? People pay attention comment poetry Shakespeare .	"""People do n't think the poetry of Shakespeare good any more ."
Which of the following statements would the author agree with ? Thinking total sum bodily activities	'Thinking is a social phenomenon
"How does "" mobile - phone acouasm "" come about ? Some people develop dependency mobile phones ."	'Some mobile phones are in poor quality .
The author might write this passage specially for New foreigners Chengdu want get around bus .	'The local Chengdu people who are interested in traveling by bus
We can learn from the passage that Laura promised marry Percival	"""Laura 's father wished to end her marriage"
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? It wise Americans move coastal regions .	'Global warming is caused by human beings .
From the passage , we know that When man becomes older , sperm - producing cells copy DNA less effectively	'Genetic mutations are caused by old age and physical disorders
What do you think happened at the end of the story ? What careful servant done gave trick away .	'The manager had cheated the young man .
How was Jack doing at school ? He n't study hard school .	'He worked hard at school .
"Which of the following is right ? When hear police someone say "" Freeze "" USA , must stop moving ."	"""Do n't ring the bell of anyone 's house in the USA at night ."
The writer 's purpose of writing the passage is to encourage us reread books may like first	'recommend Anne of Green Gables
The writer thinks the smell of home cooking makes us feel good loved	'makes us be interested in cooking
What is the passage mainly about ? Steve 's important role Mark 's growth stage .	'The relationship between Mark and Steve .
Tomata and his colleagues wanted to prove whether Japanese study correct	'know if green tea drinkers are independent
What can be inferred from the passage ? The experiments show advantages longhand laptop note taking .	"'In many American schools ', ' longhand has always been popular with the students .', ""When allowed to review notes after a week 's delay "
What 's the main idea of the text ? Some strangest uses Coca - Cola .	'The major ingredients of Coca - Cola .
From the passage , which is NOT true ? China Mobile isChina 's largest mobile phone sellers .	"""China Mobile isChina 's largest mobile communications operator ."
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? You visit Houses 5 pm contact Trust advance 01789 201808 .	'Shakespeare lived in all the five houses .
Which of the following can be the best title of the article ? Youngsters across Europe : suffer permanent hearing loss .	"'MP3 players : sell best but do harm to youngsters', ""The scientists ' study : requested by the EU"
What is probably the best title for the passage? The Founder New Look - Dior	'The History of the New Look
Why did the Obama administration start the initiative last fall ? To help parents students make better choices colleges .	'To require colleges to make their graduation rates known to the public .
The amount of CO2 in the atmosphere is increasing every year because More forests destroyed fossil fuels burned .	'Carbon dioxide is produced when we breathe .
Why are there always new fossils to see at the museum ? New fossils discovered constantly .	'People keep donating fossils to the museum .
From the text we can infer that Mother Teresa devoted poor life	'had her name Teresa when she was very young
According to the passage , the Children 's Development Khazana offers better service	'welcomes all money 
A suitable title for this passage would be Approval Biomass Energy	'An Energy Conference
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The author believed angel always watching .	'The author smiled because he saw the girl was shy .
What 's the writer 's main purpose of writing the passage ? To encourage readers learn Steve Jobs ' life experience .	'To introduce readers the life story of Steve Jobs .
Allen spoke mainly to get his point across that longtime attraction ought make way future attraction	'the Bears will be missed
We can know from the passage that in Jordan      . typical road replaced every five years	'the roads are the worst across the world
the writer 's idea seems to be that trains good motorcars planes	'we can do without railways
In some parents ' eyes , who is to blame for their children 's poor grades at school ? The teacher .	'The children
From the text we may know that different places different ways give directions	"'people in Greece have no sense of direction', ""people do n't have to carry a map when travelling"
From the passage , we can learn that many travelers go Idyllic beach towns summer	'the Great Smoky Mountains are the oldest mountain range in the world
Which sentence is right ? Peter n't honest boy .	'Mrs. Black is going to take Peter to see a doctor .
From the passage we know that Albert Einstein gave German citizenship political reasons	'no scientist is as great as Albert Einstein during this century
Which would be the best title for the text ? The history beer .	'The beer culture .
By mentioning the uselessness of the watch , the author probably wants to prove     enjoys time Paris much	'time in Paris is not worth counting
In writing this passage , the author mainly intends to show concern children 's lack experience nature	'blame children for getting lost in computer games
According to the passage , we know that    Roger Banister first person ran mile less four minutes .	"'students from India have unrealistic beliefs on how to live a better life', ""an animal who has n't learnt how to swim will drown if you put it in pond ."
According to the writer , the customer service department n't express really meant	"""did n't prefer to use familiar words to attract customers"
The best title for this story might be Why Cats Do n't Like Dogs	'Love Me 
What is the basic requirement for this job ? The teaching qualification .	"""The patience with students ' behavior ."
Everyone can benefit from uVolunteer Programs in Costa Rica as long as flexible adventurous	'they learn to speak Spanish
What has been researched to improve the safety of a car according to the passage ? Some developments seat belts , pedal controls tyres .	'.A digital camera that can help drivers to see obstacles in fog .
It can be inferred from the South Korean scientists ' experiment that technology long way go practical use	'it is hard to change sound into electricity under current conditions
Nuala did n't want to dance on the stage because thought would look stupid	'her leg hurt badly
What can we learn from the passage ? The writer doubtful hearing Dan 's parents said .	"""Dan did n't get much out of the dancing class ."
Which of the following is right ? We learn English need face world .	"""We do n't need to learn any foreign languages ."
The main idea of this passage is that    CMB develops partnership Didi Kuaidi .	'CMB is looking for outside partners in Internet finance competition .
. What will be probably the best title ? Having mission make happier	'Where to look for fun
The story is about How strict parents children	'How to take care of young trees
---Where are the pears ?   ----They are in three big baskets	'the three small baskets
Why are there more troubles in translations relating to African languages ? It 's hard find enough African translation documents .	'Most of the translated materials are not properly translated .
Why were there so many people remembering Jesse ? Because kind helpful people heart .	'Because he was a volunteer in the Peace Corps in Guinea .
What can you infer from the passage ? Pittsburghdoesn't enough attractions young people .	'The young people prefer to work in a small quiet city .
What can we learn from the passage ? Plants also like listening music .	"""Tom 's garden is in the town ."
What has the new study of more than 260,000 people found ? Sweetened soft - drinks may increase risk depression .	"""Sugary sodas are n't good for the physical health of old people ."
What conclusion can be drawn from the end of the passage ? Graham come drugs .	'Graham is still using drugs now .
Which of the following do the experts suggest ? Children give real names , addresses telephone numbers strangers .	'Teachers should ask the students to finish their homework alone on the Internet .
The main purpose of the article is to tell us prediction humans look future	'offer us different theories on how humans will evolve in the future
What 's the author 's purpose of writing the article ? To tell us different aims men women US go online .	'To show why men and women are equally likely to use the Internet .
What did Ali and Hagan do before they came across the huge bear ? They hunted four days failed meet bear .	'They slept all day to wait for the bears to come .
What is unusual about the mew magazine in London ? No paper used print magazine .	'You can find any subject you want in it .
Choose the best title for this passage . Heavy snow hits China	'Chinese New Year in snow
How did Tilly know that the tsunami was coming ? She studied knowledge school .	'Mr. Kearney told her in the geography lesson two weeks ago .
Which of the following is the punk style ? Tom wears broken clothes metal buttons .	'Light music is played loudly in punk music shop
What is the best title of the passage ? Hukou Brings Tricky Choice	'We Students Should Transform Hukou
The proper way to express your dissatisfaction with your best friend is to go friend let know dissatisfaction	'think about his reaction and avoid letting him know it
According to Kleeman , one of the features that distinguish Oxford English from other dictionaries is that offers native , precise practical language	'it includes ancient but vibrant language
Which of the following is NOT true ? Zhang Yimou famous actor China .	'Mo Yan began writing stories in about 1976 .
To use a similar new calendar for other coastal areas , people have to understand adapt fish behavior	'fish only when key species gather to reproduce
The writer 's main purpose of writing the passage is to tell us scientists create digital models World Heritage Sites	'advertise people to use laser scanning to protect heritage sites
Which of the following things can be most easily remembered according to Russell Poldrack ? Something activates regions brain .	'Something that activates different neutral responses .
The best title for the reading should be Hollywood	'Famous Films and Film Stars
One of the purposes of the annual pony drift is control number ponies	'to feed baby ponies on milk
Why was Coyote a trickster ? He wanted eat Bluebird pretended curious .	'He wanted to fly like Bluebird near the mountains .
Why did Mr. Frank feel nervous to be asked to shoot for the team ? Because afraid losing face many good shooters	'actually he was not good at shooting
What does this passage mainly talk about ? The origin popularity TV firelog .	'Famous holiday traditions .
According to the passage , we can know Michael 's company trapped trouble	"""Michael did n't approve of going traveling"
Which statement is TRUE according to the passage ? Worsfold arrested clothes well facial expression .	"""Worsfold 's wife was immediately informed of his being arrested by the police ."
Which of the following is WRONG about Li Na ? Li Na said lacked confidence tennis court .	'Li Na took part in the 2008 Beijing Olympics .
The writer may agree that students different extracurricular activities	"""extracurricular activities are bad for students ' studies"
What is the main idea of the passage ? Some factors cause indoor air pollution .	'Some building materials pollute indoor air .
If the man does not move the ball ten yards , team kicks ball team .	'his team loses a point
One of the purposes of a networking mixer held each year is to help students familiar educational programs	'provide students with greater control over the media
Why do n't some foreigners tip a waiter according to the writer ? . unfamiliar American tip system .	'because they are too mean to give tips to any waiter .
What does the passage suggest ? Martha n't grow dad	"""Martha 's father did n't love her"
Which of the following is NOT included in a starter pack ? Royal Mail Stamp Calendar Collectors Corner supplement .	'One hundred used stamps and hinges and album pages .
This letter is most likely addressed to local storeowner	'the owner of the muffin mix company
. The author writes the text mainly to introduce Help Me Hear Foundation	'tell how to avoid permanent hearing loss
The writer writes the passage to tell us become popular middle school	'what to do in high school
What can NuRide do for you when you use the service ? Help arrange shared car trip .	'Decide a car model for you to drive .
His friends never made jokes about the hair because John n't like jokes hair afraid	'the hair is funny
According to the passage , the writer actually wants to convince the readers that unbeatable air increasingly becoming major killer throughout world	'the global economic growth is mainly to blame for air pollution and climate change
The pomegranate is beneficial to the following body parts EXCEPT    Head	'Blood vessels
It can be inferred from the passage that parents play important role children 's healthy diet	'fresh fruits are often ignored by children
"Which of the following goes against the "" commandments "" ? Watching TV evenings instead reading ."	'Slowing down to smell flowers .
Offices , web cafes and homes people online	'attract the most people to learn Chinese
Which one is the best title for this article ? Love Robot	'Smart boy --- Hiro Hamada
We can learn from the passage that in Yale , exhibitions frequently mounted campus	'collections are partly open to the public
It is implied in the text that it is hard to tell nature life learning	'carry life learning through
Which of the following is best supported by the text ? Texas fat cities U.S.	'People in Texas are the most hardworking in the U.S.
What 's the best title of the passage ? Oklahoma teen wins science scholarship	'Science competition for high school students
Which of the following sentences is correct according to the text ? Al Gore n't agree President Bush 's Policy climate .	'The prize will be given to anyone who can do research into low carbon technology
The best title for the passage would be The History Olympics	'The First Modern Olympic Games
From the story we know that the author worked social services	'had came across the boy before
If the space animal theory is correct , the orange lights come down to the lower levels in order to search man - made energy	'get the energy for the sun
When did gas producers invest heavily in finding new supplies of natural gas ? When people 's demand energy increased .	'When natural gas provided Americans with about one - fourth their energy .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? A cycle ball game takes 14 minutes .	'Cycle ball is popular both in Japan and other Asian countries .
How does the writer show the danger of Disney products ? By examples quotation   .	"""By listing children 's favorite Disney figures ."
What is probably the best title for the article ? High School Honors Not Always Key Life Success	'Success in Education Predicts Success in Later Life
What is the best title for the passage ? Old Thinker Big Future	'Huge Fans of the Chinese Language
What did Regina Wilson do first to become a firefighter ? She took lot tests .	'She used fire equipment .
"According to the passage , the term "" photographic memory "" is used to stress person good memory"	'prove that everyone can have a good memory
When visiting Auckland Zoo , parents should tell their children that 's dangerous play near waterways	'they couldstay close to the animals
If you want to buy a personal island , you should pay a visit to Allan Island	'the Mago Island
The main idea of this passage is about Japanese tea house keeps 430-year - old tradition	'Sonobe Heihachi and his son Sonobe Shingo
The birthday party is in Rose 's house	"""David 's house"
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Be polite stand elders lose free travel	'London Mayor Boris Johnson is a great person
What is the best title of this passage ? How Much Is Being Attractive Worth ?	'How Can We Make Use of Our Beauty ?
Which one would be the best title for the passage ? How Parents Make Their Child Better Reader .	"""Parents Are Their Child 's First Teacher ."
Feng Junying 's words mean bad reading habits reason students ' short sight	"'the number of students with short sight is increasing', ""the students do n't get used to the new desks and chairs"
What is the passage mainly talking about ? The increase oil price	'The situation of economy
From the passage we can know that plants wider leaves grow better shadows	"'plants with wider leaves produce more in full sun .', 'as a matter of fact ', "" plants do n't need to grow in full sun ."
In fact the mother wanted     elder brother die	'the two brothers to plant trees
Which of the following is right ? The woman thought young man uneducated guy .	'The young man ate the last biscuit himself .
This passage is mainly about Typhoon Rose	'the names of typhoons
The main purpose of the text is to tell readers give others hand	'not to risk looking foolish
People who really like snakes are open - mindedbecause they able put aside differences	'think all the snakes are poisonous
Which of the following is true ? Bolt suffered car crash London recently .	"'Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt broke the world 100 m record in the London Grand Prix on Friday .', ""Bolt will not compete in the 200 m in London because of Gay 's impressive times ."
Which of the following statements about SPS is TRUE ? The research SPS started 1960s still appreciated public .	'The research is showing SPS can benefit environment and economy at present .
What can we learn from Hoffrnan 's letter ? How tip theUnited Statesis complicated .	"'Quality of service determines tipping in theUS .', ""Americans do n't tip in non fast - food restaurants ."
What would the writer probably talk about next ? Some practicable ways solve tech - trash problem .	"""Some experts ' opinions on the tech - trash problem ."
What can we learn from the story above ? Everyone nice things others .	'Every kid should have a pack of Smarties .
Which of the following sentences best expresses the main idea ? Some words rather funny origins   .	"""captain Cook 's guide made a joke ."
This holiday season , Marie Buonanno has no choice but to keep color1ed lights	'sell the color1ed lights out
What would the best title for the passage ? One Festival All	"'Folk Music of Blues', ""Edmonton 's Downtown Park"
It 's widely believed that the stone blocks were moved to the pyramid site by sliding smooth paths	'rolling them on roads
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Sam John drank wine wanted keep warm .	'Sam and John walked to the city to buy some wine .
.What can we learn from the passage ? Confidence important one 's life	'A good teacher is hard to find in our lives .
How long has Grand Central been in service ? For century .	'For 30 years .
According to the tests in the 1980s , dreaming takes place last stage 90-minute cycles	'between each 90-minute cycle
Which of following statements is true according to the passage ? plan carried creating serious weather side effects .	'Leading tornado experts think that would soften the streams of hot southern and cold northern air that form tornadoes .
Which of the following is NOT promised by Hostelling International ? Opportunities meet local people .	'A safe and clean place to stay .
The company KTEL offers bus services different cities Greece	'from Greece to other countries
What does the Korea Wave refer to ? It refers to Korean culture	'Korean TV dramas
What do Dr Pine 's words imply ? It 's understandable women - pack sense .	"'Going on holiday will cost a lot .', ""Women do n't prefer to go on a holiday ."
Li Jing is different from those students of her age in that dreams meeting present powerful Russian leader	'she hates meeting with the NBA hero Yao Ming
Why did doctors advise Xiao Bao to dance ? Because thought dancing would good health .	"""Because they knew Xiao Bao 's feeling for music ."
What can we infer from this text ? High - tech shopping carts widely used malls supermarkets .	'Checkout counters will disappear from supermarkets in future .
Where do most of the lion hunters come from ? America .	'Southern Africa .
Which of the following statements about tsunamis is TRUE according to the article ? Tsunamis usually caused quakes ocean .	'Tsunamis can travel across a whole ocean in a few hours .
The author may agree that real - world friendship better choice young people	"'old - fashioned friendship can help create virtual bonds', ""there 's no need for young people to make online friends"
What happened to the sleepers during the experiment on a full moon ? Their brains active	'They slept for about five minutes longer .
Which of the following is right according to the passage ? Reverend Charles Wadsworth great influence poetry .	'Emily Dickinson spent many years in school .
According to the author , laughter is leaving us partly because treat everything serious way	'we fail to reflect on fun times in our lives
What is NOT true about LSE ? It 's developing Pakistan 's capital city	"""It 's Lahore Stock Exchange"
It can be inferred that the writer thinks that second type murderers ( Paragraph 2 ) sentenced death	'the death penalty is the most important problem in the United States today
Which of the following statements is true according to Rix ? Tourists enjoy beautiful scenery Antarctica .	'Tourists can eat and smoke in Antarctica .
The old lady 's address was given because family wanted give happy birthday	'her family wanted to make her well - known
We can learn from the passage that research findings help anti - smoking campaigns	'America has twice as many smokers as the UK
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Tom changed lot since primary school .	'Tom invited the author to the get - together party by email .
Why did Cameron come to China ? To promote latest film Avatar .	'To test the future development of 3D film in China .
Some women are still badly paid old ways thinking	'because women want more money
From this passage we can infer that single people believe Internet help find partners	'looking for love online needs a lot of courage
Father told the girl that best help people , would enjoy people 's love	'it was important to be good - looking
What did Jack do when he saw the woman ? He asked sit next .	'He spoke to her dog .
According to the author , the secret of life is to give life things dead	'use electricity to help others
Which of the following is not included in the textbooks of relevant countries ? Japanese war crimes Japanese textbooks .	'Curriculum of intolerance in Saudi Arabia .
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Why King family moved Canada .	"'How the King family came to Canada .', ""How old Mr. and Mrs. King 's son was ."
Which of the following may the author most probably NOT agree with ? Money guarantee longer life ensures happy one .	'Money is of vital importance to most people .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Students families find difficult choose ideal colleges .	'Critics agree that the government should require colleges to obey the disclosure rules .
Which of the following can be best inferred from the passage ? The importance protection radiation overemphasized .	'The mystery about radiation has been solved .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The 2004 National High School Boy 's Basketball League held May.	'Basketball is becoming popular in middle schools in Chine .
What is the best title of the passage ? What suddenly feel lonely crowd ?	'Why do people feel lonely in a crowd ?
. Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Most apps expensive .	'App Store will offer you great fun .
What 's the best title for this passage ? What Are Black Holes ?	'A New Scientific Discovery : Black Holes
What can we learn from Professor Ryan 's previous experiment ? Oxytocin affects behavior different way .	'Our body lets out oxytocin when we are deep in love .
As a boy gets older , he tends to leave parents friendship	'widen his circle of friends to include different kinds of people
What can be inferred from the passage ? The girl 's unselfish love rewarded last .	'Church members donated because of their desire for a big church .
What can we infer from the passage ? More animals high - end products saved .	'People have kicked the habit of having shark fin soup .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? You'11 try improve skills reading writing 're clever student .	"""The author 's students make good use of their time to do all their homework ."
Why was Emma Willard considered an important person ? She pioneer winning higher education women US .	'She was the first woman to get college education .
What can be concluded from the surveys and investigations mentioned in the passage ? Many college students aware people become AIDS victims .	'No college students know how people become AIDS victims .
What fact does the passage provide ? In last century USA introduced many new crazes .	'All crazes in the world come and go quickly .
What Could the girl in the ticket office do for the passengers without asking the computer ? She could nothing .	'She could sell a ticket .
What does the cellphone video on Facebook disclose ? Mark Black controlled student physical force .	'Mark Black injured a student with a pencil .
Which could be the best title for this passage ? Tips Public Speaking	'Necessity of Speaking English in Public Meetings
What can we learn from the passage ? Young Chinese benefit crosscultural partnerships .	'Americans benefit more from working in China .
As to speaking English , the author implies that 's need athletes speak well	"'a successful person must speak advanced English well', ""advanced English should n't be spoken in sports"
The main purpose of the passage is to recommend new science books children	'compare features of different books
What does the report mainly tell us ? The condition migrant workers needs changed .	"'Though migrant workers work hard ', ' their condition is bad .', ""The people in cities are n't polite to the migrant workers ."
When is human assistance needed during the milking ? When cows trained use robotic milking system first two four weeks .	'When the cows enter the milking station every morning .
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? The White Envelope	'The Church Gift
From the passage , we can safely draw the conclusion that in the age of Shakespeare women could n't possibly act stage write plays	"'women could enjoy themselves domestically and socially', ""women could n't make their achievements at any level"
What can we know from the writer 's answer to the guide ? The writer could n't wait visit factory .	"'The writer had never heard about Hershey Chocolate .', ""The writer did n't want to visit the factory any more ."
What would be the best title for the text ? Barbie Turns Fifty	'Hottest Toys for Girls
Which of the following is not true according to the passage ? More natural park built China .	"'You can have fun playing games in the Hello Kitty Theme Park .', ""Hello Kitty 's new home settled in Zhejiang Province ."
One day , the wise man saw a young man trying save starfishes	'Dancing along the beach
Internet use may cause a decline in psychological well - being because people less time actual communication family friends	'people who were already feeling bad spend more time on the Internet
Which of the following statements is true ? The husband considered brave man clerk store .	'The husband was doing all the talking when the couple viewed the works .
Beginners often complain that listening to spoken English is too hard , because mentioned	'they spend little time listening English
Which of the following is true ? Kids watch much TV may problems reading .	"""It 's good for kids to learn from fighting programmes on TV ."
The main purpose of the text is to show us something animal behavior	'ask us to take good care of wild animals
Some time later Ben and Susan found they took a wrong road because road getting narrower car alone	'their friends lived nearer than they drove
Which of the following is the most valuable to the writer ? The papers notes bag .	'The cash in her bag .
Which is the following is TRUE ? Susan likes jumping horse	"""Susan 's father works in a middle school"
If you want to take the oil painting course , you should free time afternoon every Thursday January	'know that oil painting is not so easy to learn
. It can be inferred from Para . 2 that    foods natural enzymes help people keep fit	"'it is essential for people to protect their vital organs', ""we 'd better be cautious about raw and whole foods"
Which statement   is true according to the text ? With library card , child feel extra grownup borrowing books .	"'During summer vocation ', "" kids ' reading skills must grow cold ."
Why do some plants eat animal meat ? Because plants want get need animal meat .	'Because plants are dangerous to animals .
Donald Louria 's attitude toward long living is that possible humans live longer future	'people can live from 120 to 180
What does the article mainly talk about ? The celebrations IYA 2009 .	'The activities on the 400thanniversary of Galileo .
What can we know about Johnny Barnes ? A statue built honour .	'He remains 
What can children do if they go to Alaska ? Learn native languages experience trip icebergs .	'See the Statue of Liberty and enjoy Broadway shows .
What is the purpose of the passage ? To introduce program handling lack doctors rural Kansas .	'To make it known that it lacks doctors very much in rural Kansas .
We can learn that music and art can motivate students creativity expression	'make students round - shaped people in future
It can be inferred from the passage that in hunting and gathering cultures survival infants less important parents times starvation	'it was a moral responsibility for the families to keep alive the aged people who could not work
Why did n't Ricky give the favour to the old gentleman himself ? He tried influence others kind .	"""He did n't know the old gentleman ."
"What does the author mean by saying "" Turn your words around "" ? You encourage ."	'You should speak words of encouragement to your discouraged child .
Who was the criminal ? A left - handed woman .	'Miss Wolf .
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? The law requires pubs slightly different prices drinks .	"'Ordinary people and women are often having fun in the "" public pub "" ."
Which is NOT the reason for the difficulty in controlling wild pigs ? The popularity raising wild pigs many states .	'The difficulty of passing effective laws .
What does the text mainly talk about ? More US students choose colleges overseas .	'Reasons why more students study in foreign countries .
According to the passage , what is most likely to attract the customers ? There fewer brown spots pressed clothes .	'It is made by General Electric .
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? Roadrunner family Sonoran Desert .	'How do roadrunners seek a partner ?
What did Hans ' father do in the woods when the work was done ? He read books told stories Hans .	'He gathered wild flowers with Hans .
What can be inferred from the research on school settings ? Silence makes great difference pupils .	'Students are more active if taught in noisy classrooms .
The author wants to tell us many Americans finish high school	'different methods to find graduation rates
The story is mainly about space experiment ants	'space equipment for insects
What is the best title for the text ? A Short Blues History	'The Origins of Blues
Which of the following statements is NOT true about the Taj Mahal ? It completed quickly owing efforts best artists workers .	'A lot of people took part in the building work
What 's the direct reason why Hon Lik invented the electronic cigarette according to the passage ? His father died lung cancer due smoking tobacco cigarettes .	'Tobacco cigarettes caused health problems .
Which destinations would be attractive to a fishing lover ? Lake Pravani Lake Cildir .	'Lake Sevan and Lake Paravani .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Spreading positivity make world beautiful	'It is a hard job to work as a traffic police officer
What lesson does the writer learn from the race ? Women good men sport .	'Women are better at climbing hills .
The best title of the passage would be World Water Shortage	'Diseases and Water
Why is the new idea well accepted by some parents ? Because kids enjoy quality family time .	'Because it helps kids with their homework .
If the economy of the world grows by 4 % each year , people still jobs	'people will have no jobs
The passage mainly tells us that future man look different us	"""man 's life will be different in the future"
Which statement is not right according to the passage ? Women spend time men shower average morning .	'Men spend more time than women before they go out .
What does the writer think of the trophies ? Businessmen benefit lot .	'They help kids get long - term success .
The best title for the passage may be Particles faster light ; Revolution mistake ?	'Are the laws of physics in disorder ?
Each year , managers wear special service clothes and work in the park to gain better view company 's objectives	'set a good example for employees
To protect elephants , the AWF does all the following EXCEPT keeping elephants	"""protecting elephants ' habitats"
The following are requirements for a family to apply for EMA , except The child one top students	'The child is over 16 .
Which of the following is a good action before a child during meal times ? Never discuss likes dislikes food .	'To discuss the food a parent dislikes .
What is the main idea of the passage ? The aboriginal people learn responsible future treated equally .	"""ATSIC does n't serve the people because of its incompetence and bureaucracy ."
What 's the aim of moustache - growing campaign ? To raise money men 's health .	'To have a wrap - up gala .
Which statement does the passage lead you to believe ? There learn today 1636 .	'The early schools are still much alike .
What is the purpose of the passage ? To encourage readers take new hobbies .	'To introduce some hobby classes at school .
The passage mainly tells us about author 's school life UK boarder .	"""the author 's opinion of the school life in the UK ."
Mr. Snow asked the Browns some questions to make sure 'd take good care pets	'see if they had moved to a new house
What can we learn from the text ? Math anxiety weakens working memory needed math .	'The causes of math anxiety have already been found .
Reading the bulletin boards can help you find - class activities campus	'decide the major you want to study
It can be learnt from the text that Rihanna Has helped raise money African children	'Wants to start a charity to help sick children
We can infer from the passage that Paris London become perfect partners	'London feels more full of life
Michelle 's Wei 's example is used to explain degree Internet affecting American car culture	'why American teens are crazy about digital social life
What 's the matter with Mary ? She ca n't find right way learn math well .	"'She has no time to study math .', ""She does n't want to learn math ."
The king 's words suggested that real peace means keeping calm wild situation .	'silence means peace .
If someone spoke to you in a very serious way , you may say that he like Dutch uncle	'would take a Dutch leave
According to the passage , which is NOT true ? Most buns eaten students Zhejiang Province .	"'Most of the food we eat today is prepared in factories .', ""Laws regulate which chemicals ca n't be used ."
The infant who begins to smile or laugh early will advantages development growth health	'become a more subtle laughter when he or she grows up
Which might be the best title for the passage ? A Dog Determination	'A Micro Blog and a Dog
According to the study , traditional methods may cause people give losing weight	'are easier for people to lose weight
Neidorf decided to help veterans because thought deserved help	'he benefited from Operation Mend
Which camps can you join if you want your father to be able to take part ? The camp U.S Space & Rocket Center Circus Smirkus	'The Power Chord Academy and Film Camp
The following are all services offered by the Student Services Centre and the Students ' Union EXCEPT that free career center help find job	'a personal tutor can help you in your department
Today 's career people meet many problems except mompetition	'personal bubble
When you first create your class website , you are advised to focus details rather design	'buy a small space for the website
What kind of games do children probably like best ? running races	'playing cards .
The article is mainly about Booker Prize Foundation	'the Big Food Group
How did the people of Bali prevent fighting from breaking out ? Land kept empty around kingdom one lived .	'The island was divided into seven kingdoms .
""" There is nothing new under the sun "" really implies that new thing created basis earlier things"	'a new thing is only a tale
"What is the "" photo - taking impairment effect "" ? Taking photographs objects ruins one 's memory ."	'Some unhappy events may impair the effects of photos .
What ca n't you get from this passage ? You borrow bicycle special bicycle shops free .	'You can buy a bicycle by yourself .
When might a person have frostbite according to the passage ? When skin turns pale feeling area .	'When his skin turns red and he loses feeling in that area .
The report thinks that exercise sure way keep one healthy	'is a way to reduce weight .
"Who are "" these people "" in "" Agassi proved these people wrong ... "" ? people thought Agassi could win championship"	'people who beat Agassi in tennis matches
"The graduates with degrees in "" hot courses "" may have difficulty in finding satisfactory jobs probably because many graduates degrees"	'the graduates with such degrees are of poor quality
What 's the main idea of this passage ? An infected bat caused outbreak Ebola .	'A toddler was bitten by a bat and died .
Which of the following statements about Black Friday is TRUE ? It opportunity Americans get things want much lower price .	'It is a special day in the US on which government hands out coupons to customers .
Which of the following does the author probably agree with ? Disadvantaged students benefit state tests .	'Tests should focus on what students have actually learned .
The postman 's own dream was to     build castle	'collect stones
What is the best title for the passage ? Safety text message ?	'Text message or e - mail only ?
The purpose of the passage introduce popular TV program	'attract more people to enjoy Chinese food
The best title for the passage is likely to be Personalized Smart phones	'Smart phones and Televisions
Edward Saxton holds the view that schools choose ads carefully	"""ads in schools should n't be too many"
What is the passage mainly about ? The carnival Rio de Janeiro .	'The famous carnivals in the world .
From the text , we know A Mammoth christmas fourth series	'tells the story of the first Christmas
Why did the author go to the hospital ? Because wanted find truth .	'Because he was asked to investigate the hospital .
Which of the following is true about the activities that President Xi will attend ? He visit UK - China Business Summit accompanied UK Prime Minister .	'He will visit the football clubs in the city of Manchester .
Soldiers were sent save people flooded area	'to bring people food 
What might the writer think of the journalist covering the Lincoln - Douglas debates ? His comment accurately reflected time	'He created a false picture of Lincoln
We can know from the passage that learn give receive love	'love keeps one busy all the time .
"What is "" prejudice "" defined in this passage ? Prejudice preconceived opinion becoming aware fact reason ."	"""Prejudice is a reasonable idea that is based on one 's own experience ."
"The best title of this passage may be ""   A New Word -- Duang"	'Jackie Chan and His Shampoo Ad
"According to the "" Family Dinner Experiment "" in 1993 , what surprised the parents was that Their children cherished dinner time much ."	'The five families ate dinner together for half an hour every night .
"The best title   for the passage is What Is "" Banana Person """	"""A Great Person 's Name Is ABC"
What made the writer feel at home in America ? Susan 's visit first day .	'Her Chinese doll .
"The article mainly tell us     "" fishing skills "" important "" fishing rod "" life ."	"'if you have a "" fishing rod "" in your life ', "" you wo n't be afraid of anything ."
Judging from the article , which of the following statements is TRUE ? The author met Mr. Gillespie gas station several years later .	"'The author continued her volunteer work in the hospital until seventh - grade .', ""Mr. Gillespie recognized the author 's voice the moment he met her ."
The passage mainly tells us two important ways keep safe cars	'how air bags work to make cars safe
The donkey did what the dog did because wanted master choose pet	'he wanted his master to give him food
Which one of the following is wrong ? Zhang Xiaoguang shy n't like talking .	'China has sent up 10 spaceships into space .
Mr. Rock is happy that apples good	'a boy is in the tree
It can be inferred from the passage that 're 720 Nobel Prizes 20th century	"""Amy Chua 's parenting style is widely accepted across America"
Which of the following is NOT true according to the text ? The writer broke window purpose .	'The writer felt guilty a few days later .
Which of the following is TRUE ? The writer tall Grace .	'When Grace has problems in her studies 
How long has the cat been missing ? More month	'More than two months
According to the passage , you can save fuel by sharing cars others workdays	'using energy - efficient ceiling fans
The University of Wales , Bangor is well - known for care support offered students	'its super teachers and star students
According to this passage , which is WRONG ? They n't use cool complex online language formal writing .	'Not all teens are careful about posting photos online .
According to this passage , one born colour preference	"'one can choose his colour preference', ""one 's colour preference is changeable"
The courtesy minute was hidden from the public to prevent passengers ' idleness	'.help invent the concept of standard time
What can we learn from the Paragragh 1 ? Some different celebrations still exist	'Chinese New Year Celebration is one of the most important celebrations in China
It is implied in the passage that     . women worked hard could join Olympic Games	"'women first performed in the Olympic Games about fifty years ago', ""it was IFs that decided to enlarge the women 's programme at the Olympic Games"
Which of the following about David McCarron is NOT TRUE ? He says receives money Salt Institute .	'He is a nutrition and kidney disease expert .
Very often , a storyteller can not make his point because interrupted something unexpected	'people are more interested in food than his story
Why do the researchers study the REM ? Because REM help find creative solutions	'Because REM takes place just after you sleep .
The best title for this passage might be Safety measures teen dating	'Never go out dating
What might be the best title for the text ? Oprah Winfrey takes audience Australia	'Australians love to see The Oprah Winfrey Show
From the passage , we can learn that students visit many websites buying books	'the cost of textbooks in college is low compared to the amount spent on tuition
Which people as a group did best in the honesty tests ? People Singapore .	'People in Hong Kong .
Which of the following is TURE according to the passage ? Obama depressed   unusual background .	"""Obama 's parents are both African"
What do we learn aboutThe House on Mango Street ? It quite popular among students .	"""It was n't success as it was written in Spanish ."
What DIDN'T Mr Tamang do in the Ford family ? Show Mr Ford 's works exhibition .	'Look after Ruth Ford when she was ill .
The author 's main purpose in writing the passage was to present facts asbestos	'compare asbestos with other materials
Which is the best title for the passage ? Wetlands -- valuable resources land earth	"""China 's wetlands have all entered the world 's list"
"By "" the United States came 12 out of 14""(Para . 2 ) , the author means United States ranked 12th chemistry test conducted 14 countries"	'the United States ranked 12th not 14th in the chemistry test
Miss Holm 's love for the Children 's Hospital grew from unforgettable experience many years ago	'a satisfying job given by the hospital
According to the passage , which statement of Steve Jobs is RIGHT ? Steve Jobs thought great talent .	'Steve Jobs was the present CEO of Apple .
What is the main reason for the author 's spending $ 5,000 quickly ? He lived life without strict budgeting .	'His disabled family member needed assistance .
.The writer mainly   tells us runningis good way keep healthy	'how to run
Which of the following is TRUE ? The girl knew nothing flight without computer .	"""The author could n't leave for Washington because of the weather ."
Which of following statements is NOT true ? Many songs teenagers fun summer .	'There are 1950s or 1960s songs about teenagers enjoying their summer vacation
We learn from the reading that Danny 's mother talked much school	"'Danny was not a good student', ""Danny 's teacher knew something about Danny 's problem before"
The hotel was open only for four days in early June because     Many people went beach June	'The hotel was not clean enough
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Scientists long dreaming creating human - like robots .	"'The brand new robot in Switzerland can do everything human beings can .', ""Robots in the future will serve as human beings ' good friends ."
The author advises parents to set good example kids	'learn from their kids
According to the passage , TOEIC is test student 's language skills workplace	'a must for those who go to American universities
The advertiser is Beijing Hongda Road Estate Co. Lid	'Fucheng Garden Villas
What can be inferred from the passage ? The design work AeroMobil 3 . 0 still progress .	'The price of the AeroMobil 3 . 0 will be higher than a light sports aircraft .
What is the main task of Locks of Love ? Helping bald children live normally .	'Teaching people how to style hair well .
This passage is mainly about keep knocked - tooth healthy	'how a dentist can save a knocked - out tooth
"What is the article mainly about ? Qualities make Australia stand "" livable "" place world ."	"'Multiculturalism in Australia .', 'The comfortable environment and lifestyle in Australia .', ""The world 's most livable city "
We can learn from this passage that disadvantage primary teaching difficult students	'a primary teacher needs a wide range of skills
According to the passage , to which museum can you donate your hair ? The Hair Museum .	'The Museum of Bad Art .
The third mistake Geri made was that she kept clients ' cards wrong place	"'used her own card as a conversation starter', ""took her clients ' cards with one hand"
What is the theme of the passage ? The benefits - school programs .	'Risks kids face after school .
What should their parents do when teenagers make friends ? Talk give help .	'Decide and choose friends for them .
At school you should get knowledge improve ability	"""stop learning the subjects you do n't like"
The bed is useful to the people ca n't get early	'who go to bed early
Which festival will provide accommodation for the audience ? Summer Sundae .	'Sheep Music .
Who caught Sarah 's eye when her mum stopped the car at a red light ? A man dressed rags .	'A man dressed in new clothes .
What can we infer from the passage ? There always somewhere world enjoy life .	'Life is easier in the US .
It can be concluded that old women tend to wear the latest fashions today mainly because clothes much cheaper	'TV shows teach them how to stay in shape
Which of the following is TRUE ? All countries publish stamps mark games .	'Only the host countries can publish stamps to mark those games .
Why did she do this ? All	'Because the shop had sold out all their bread .
What 's the difference between people who have memberships and those who do n't ? With membership , access site without ads .	'You can download materials you want for free with a membership .
This passage mainly talks about American eating culture	'American restaurants and people
It can be learned from the passage that Florida good farming	"""Adrienne Young 's parents used to be farmers"
Which of the following sites was listed in WHL for political symbol ? Robben Island South Africa	'Simien National Park 
The best way to learn through mistakes is keep diary write notes letters	'to try your best to speak
What would be the best title for this passage ? Internet games fun education	'Traditional games and modern games
Ryan Day ran the chemical tests in order to find out how the longtom digests smaller fish body	'catches smaller fish in the water
Which statement is NOT true according to the passage ? Larry Page Sergey Brin named google hundred zeros .	'Now the Google search engine is widely used in the world .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Focusing distant objects help eyes keep original shape .	'Children should have eye tests as soon as they reach school age .
Doctors different ideas medical effects cold - water swimming	'believe swimming is helpful both in summer and in winter
What is the best title for the passage ? Physics Is Dying Out Schools .	'Lack of Physics Teachers Causes Trouble .
What can we infer from the news ? The education science Britain better maths .	"""The students in Britain do n't work hard at Maths ."
What is the passage mainly about ? How Safina came first world women 's tennis .	'How the parents taught Safina to play tennis .
The passage mainly discusses reason way people catch colds	'the experiments on the common cold
This selection can best be titled Intelligence Environment	'Measuring Your Intelligence
The passage is written to report Chinese teenagers think Japan	'give a brief introduction to the history of the War of Resistance against Japan
Which of the following statements is right ? No biggest cause death beyond smoking avoided EU .	'There is no warnings against smoking on the packs of cigarettes now .
At a town meeting , people do the following things EXCEPT make decision marry	'express their opinions about the government
What can we learn from the passage ? The Rubber Duck remind people childhood .	'Beijing Design Week finished on October 2 .
What would giving up a kidney mean to Daniel , according to the passage ? He would also give life 's dream : play football .	"""He would n't be young and healthy thereafter ."
All the people became worried because three parachutes , four people plane .	"""they could n't find the parachutes"
From this passage , we may infer rural areas , kids live grandparents	'fathers will raise the kids instead of mothers
What is the most important feature of hybrid cars ? They powered rechargeable battery gasoline .	'They are much quieter than traditional cars .
What is the main idea of this passage ? Japan 's purchase Diaoyu Islands aroused nationwide protest .	"""Japan declared to purchase China 's Diaoyu Islands ."
The author seems to agree that friendship power prevent sad events	'we should not expect too much from friendship
What happened in 1976 ? Agatha Christie died .	'Agatha Christie left her husband .
36 . According to the passage , the Win - Cube satellite is designed like Rubik 's cube shape size	'named after Manitoba and its shape
The purpose of this passage is to tell merits   usefulness Internet	'explain how to use the Internet
Which of the following is right ?   ( ? ) Mrs. Black thinks blue sweater nice .	"""Jane is Mrs. Black 's friend ."
Students start to plan Homecoming many weeks day	'several days before it
What would be be the best title for the passage ? Are Vegetarians Healthier	'A Better Quality of Life Is Important
Why did Hilary 's father consider his aunt dead ? Because thought shame family	'Because she married a businessman with a wife against his will .
On this special day , Cara has done all the following EXCEPT that worked actress	'she learned to use scales
The above four passages are most probably four people 's thoughts reading Martha 's article	"'comments on a book about a girl who has no father', ""comments on Martha 's opinion about parents ' love"
What do we know from the passage ? Two suggestions given protect medical workers students .	"""Doctors who do n't report needle stick injuries will be punished ."
Travel companies are reacting to changing trends by specializing singles holiday requirements	'trying to find travel partners for singles
What is the main idea of the passage ? Technology opportunity challenge traditional reading .	'Technology pushes the way forward for reading and writing .
We can draw a conclusion from the passage that better buy medicines online	"'more and more people will buy products online', ""medicine companies do n't pay much attention to counterfeit drugs"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage Augustine , oldest city U.S , lies Florida .	"'The underlined words "" the story "" refers to Alexander the Great ruling a land that had a river of gold and a fountain of youth ."
Which statement is supported by the parents who hold the opposite opinion ? The way educate children agree age .	"""Extreme physical training can explore children 's full potentials ."
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Travelling one ways heal people .	'Liz married the young actor who starred in a play she wrote .
What 's the best title for this passage ? Experience father 's struggle	'How my father got a job in England
What is the text mainly about ? Color 's important effects life	"'Why patients benefit a lot from colors .', ""People 's preference for different colors"
How did the kids in RandomKid collect money ? They called houses threatened play tricks receive nothing .	'They gave performances to passers - by by playing trick - or treat games .
Why did the soldier kill himself Because n't want burden parents .	"""Because he did n't want to go back home ."
How did the author get through his challenge successfully ? He joined helped .	'He got help from his father in another way .
Tuhao becomes more popular in September partly because Apple launched new gold - colored iPhone	'it is very likely to appear in Oxford English Dictionary
What can we learn about the program Peek ? It helped best teachers .	'It is free for new students .
We can easily learn from the passage that Asia facing severe challenge water shortage	'the fresh water crisis will be out of control soon
Jane is   Mary 's	"""Mr. White 's"
If you plan to travel with your kid who is a fan of Shakespeare , you would choose Stonehenge , Bath Stratford Tour	'Stonehenge Direct Tour
What is the best title of this passage ? Time Listen Learn Us !	"""Do n't Be Childish again "
This passage is mainly about differences American British English	'English vocabulary
According to the text , China 's goal of its space program is      . build space station .	'to send man into space .
Why is Jane not happy ? Because ca n't join class volleyball team .	'Because volleyball is not easy to play .
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? You friends	'A friend in need is a friend indeed
After reading the story , we know chemist could n't read doctor 's note	"""the doctor agreed to come to the lady 's house"
According to the passage , the key to going greener globally is encourage consumers make efforts live green way	'to require the companies produce environmentally - friendly products
Who usually act as the teachers in the 50 Plus Center ? The young .	'The older people .
From the story we know that Leigh 's dad lived another city	"""Leigh 's dad never had a rest on Sundays"
We can learn from the passage that n't feel strange seeing young girl walking deep snow high - heeled shoes	"'most men share different opinions with women on dressing ', ' as well as fashion designers', ""a woman does n't feel cold while she 's in a thin dress on a winter day"
What would be the best title for this text ? Tea May Help Fight Infection	'Tea Is Better than Coffee
If you go to Europe , which festival can you celebrate ? The Carnival Venice	'Sundance Film Festival
Which of the following does the writer agree to ? Dealing voice mail vary person .	"'Declaring who they are or saying hello in texts is necessary .', ""People need n't learn from one another in traditional societies ."
What can we learn from the text ? Tourists learn ancient king ' lives Changdokkung palace .	'Haeinsa Temple has millions of stone blocks .
This passage talks mainly about government helps disabled people	'the disabled need protection from lawyers .
Which of the following is true ? Estrella n't often feel homesick work .	'The work on the ship is not suitable for a married person .
Where is the black dot ? In middle white paper	'In the middle of the black paper .
Which of the following is NOT true ? The boy invited see wise man .	'The wise man lived in the beautiful palace .
One big problem in the future is that many people able find work	"""many people do n't have to work"
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? There enough smileys icons express chatting line .	'Grammar and correct spelling are very important while chatting online .
Which of the following is Not Right according to the passage ? Researchers got different results repeated tests fat rats .	"'Eating junk food can make us fat .', 'For a long time ', "" we 've believed that people become fat because they are lazy ."
Which of the following sentences is true according to the text ? The pocket money boys girls get equal .	'Parents are lazy so they let children do housework .
"What do we call the sale if it starts before the sun rises ? An "" early bird special "" sale ."	"'A "" back - to - school sale "" ."
What can we learn from the text ? Holland birthplace tulips .	"""Carolus Clusius ' book made people import tulips into Holland ."
According to the passage , if you want to breathe the fresh air , you 'll go to Yosemite National Park	'San Francisco Bay Area
The author would most likely to agree that daily intake medication long run helpful controlling asthma	'asthma sufferers can lead a normal life as ordinary people
How much water are there in the human body ?    About three fourths human body water .	'Nearly a half of the human body is water .
When Jules Verne was brought home by his father , he decided that would devote writing	'he would stop writing about future travels
Central U.S. was more severely affected by the cold because cold air high winds stayed longer	'it was the place where the polar vortex was born
According to the passage , JP Gibson basketball lover since young age	'will play on Utah Jazz team when he grows up
The best title of this passage might be Computer - graded Writing	'Human - graded Writing
Mrs . Green was angry with Mr. Green because he    n't send children school	'went to work without breakfast
What would be the best title for this passage ? Doris Lessing wins Nobel Prize Literature	'Doris Lessing writes \n The Golden Notebook
We can infer from the passage that Rainer Wendt 's warning went unnoticed	"'Rainer Wendt was a chief organizer of "" Love Parade 2010 """
The characteristic of European coffee houses is coffee slowly pleasant atmosphere	"'"" coffee to go "" as part of daily life"
Which of the following might be the best title for the passage ? Father dies sheltering daughter snowstorm	"""Snowstorm takes away 9-year - old girl 's father"
It is NOT mentioned in the passage that learning disabilities may result from unusual organization brain cells	'the unknown area of the brain
What happened after the man changed the sign ? The boy got much money .	'The boy still got a few coins in the hat .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Digital cameras film cameras something common . .	'Both digital and film cameras focus light onto the film .
"By saying "" statistically canceling out the benefits that the seat belt offers "" ( Para . 2 ) , the author means deaths reasons counterbalance benefits wearing seat belts"	'wearing seat belts does not have any benefits from the statistic point of view
In the beginning the Amazing Kids ! PenPals Program was set up for the kids who suffered hurricanes	'were willing to make pen pals
Before the 1880s , each town established time sun	'had the same time as towns 20 or more miles away
Can CRH trains solve all the traffic problems ? Of course .	'Yes 
From the passage we can see that 99 % rubbish burnt Europe	'in Europe 94 billion cubic meters of methane is produced every year
What is the text mainly about ? Why listening English songs helps improve English .	'What people can do to improve their English .
We can conclude from the passage that German fond living family	"'German liked to have a picnic with the family', ""German 's owner put an ad for him"
What can we conclude from the passage ? Blacks fought well Union cause .	'Lincoln acted too late to free the slaves .
The narrator had most probably been placed in the C class because poor reader	'all children of transient laborers were placed in the C class
What message does the experiment express ? What impresses us people help others really nature .	'What warms us most is that helping others is grateful in our society .
What is the best title of the passage ? Two Men Who Were n't Afraid Dream	'Two Filmmakers Who Were Afraid to Dream
What can we infer from the passage ? Experiments songbirds likely help cure Huntington 's disease .	'FOXP2 was involved in human language about 12 years ago .
Where are the little drops made into big drops ? On inside covers .	'In the ponds with fresh water .
We can infer from the passage that the author thinks highly individuality	'appreciates modern dance very much
Which of the following is the character of the nursing system at Beth Israel Hospital ? The doctor gets active professional support primary nurse .	'Each patient is taken care of by a primary nurse day and night
According to the text , teens in the UK check eyes without paying	'have few eyesight problems
According to the passage , which statement is true ? Being Palestinian leader , Arafat would rather die country driven away people .	"'In 1992 ', "" Arafat 's plane crashed in South Africa ."
Which of the following does n't agree with the passage ? But dog writer would broken .	"""The children need n't go to school on the weekend ."
It can be seen that the writer feels regretful that American cuisine become increasingly lacking variety	'cuisines of other countries play a more important role in America
Which of the following statements is not true ? It possible scientists decide much influence love give people .	'Some scientists have the idea that love does good to people .
"According to the text , "" Battle of the Books "" is an activity readers motivated love books"	'where students are inspired to write books
"The director of "" Avatar "" James Cameron had a language invented for the Na'vi to make Na'vi believable"	"'make the film a whole mystery', ""make the Na'vi different from humans"
Why did the quadruplets keep logging on the Yale website ? They wanted find admitted university .	"""They liked to see the university 's bulldog mascot ."
""" Predictive Precollision "" can be used to detect potential contacts vehicles advance"	'detect possible dangerous crossroads
We can infer form the passage that understanding important reading	'other media are less important than books
Which of the following belongs to a true friend 's behavior ? Your friend happy getting first prize match though failed .	"""You are not happy for your friend 's success because you failed in an exam ."
What 's the main reason for the increasing of cancer according to Dr Chris Wild ? The problems population ageing growth .	'The lack of the cost of treatment of cancers .
""" Insomniacs "" are persons who trouble getting sleep night"	'can always remember their dreams
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Dogs may adapt behavior response changed circumstances .	"'The researchers made the test on dogs in eighty - four countries .', ""Dogs always obey and do n't steal forbidden food ."
You can see the notice probably every room hotel	'in the hotel dining room
What is the writer 's main purpose in the passage ? To explain role sport	'To show that Argentina is better than all others .
The Americans in 1910 ate food physical activities	'ate less food but had more physical activities
Why do some employers sometimes pay illegal immigrants less than the legal minimum wage ? Employers know complain wages authorities .	'Authorities might send illegal immigrants back to their home country .
To celebrate Easter , people B C	'go shopping 
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Bear sightings living areas worry people .	'Policemen try hard to get the bears controlled .
When they are helping their kids , most parents feel school students	'they are teachers of their kids .
Which is the best title for the passage ? Fun rain	"""It 's raining"
Choose the proper answer according to the passage . This book specially written kids ages nine thirteen .	'This book is written to help parents who get divorced .
According to the professor , the happiest people are the ones who make best	'get the best type of coffee cups
What 's the best title of this passage ? The global worst travellers announced .	"""Chinese were announced as the world 's worst travellers ."
What is the text mainly about ? Indonesia 's earthquakes	"""Indonesia 's volcanoes"
Which of the following is right ? It 's really happy students well school home .	"'We should never make friends online .', ""It 's necessary for us to talk with our online friends every day ."
From the text we know that Jenny got real pearl necklace father	"""Jenny 's mother paid a lot for the plastic pearl necklace"
"This passage makes us think that    . "" "" books helpful"	"'it \'s a waste of time to read "" how to "" books"
What is the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To give advice love .	'To show how smartly he can love himself .
Why did Mr. Hobbs ask the writer to the factory ? The factory producing fast enough .	'The factory was too big .
"In Saturnini 's opinion , when traveling in "" Slow Cities "" , visitors enjoy real Italian - style healthy food"	"""are n't provided with fast food"
What can be the best title for the text ? Qomolangma Has Become A Huge Mess	'Eco Everest Expedition Proves Successful
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? Turning Sick Kids Superheroes	'How to Treat the Sick Children
The reason why few Americans remember Confucius on his birthday is probably that n't pay much attention birthdays famous people .	"""they do n't care about Confucius at all ."
Which of the following is NOT among the attractions of the British schools ? Good living conditions .	'The small size of classes .
The writer tells us the story of Marjorie Baer for the purpose of informing new trend care - giving single elderly	'reminding us to be kind and make as many friends as we can
What do we know about Mary Cassatt 's marriage ? She never married want wife mother .	'Her marriage failed because she never gave a thought to her husband and family .
Which of the following statements is true ? Over 240,000 compounds proved ineffective Tu 's seareh .	'Tu first invented the idea of using sweet wormwood as a cure .
According to the passage , Charles Brush pioneer producing electricity wind	'created the first electricity - producing machine in the world
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Taller People Are Smarter	'The Difference between Tall People and Short People
According to the passage , all of the following statements are true EXCEPT Australia also awarded competition	'people are trying to bring more life to the Thames nowadays
What can we learn from the passage ? The homeless problem serious problem need solving effectively .	'Most homeless people died of hunger and cold .
Which of the following is Wrong ? The Japanese graduates high school much less American graduates .	'The American educational system is much different from the Japanese system .
Red roses are so popular at the market in that men think women would like .	'women prefer red roses .
What can we learn from the passage ? The baby infected HIV mother .	'The baby was cured of its HIV before birth .
What is the main idea of the article ? How author deals / homesickness .	"""The author 's school life in America ."
A growing interest in sports developed after research showed health benefits	'an increasing number of races were held in American cities
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? To rescue little girl , grandma died fire .	'The little girl and her grandpa lived on the second floor .
Why does the OECD test the students ? They want help students solve problems creative ways .	'They want the students to help them solve the problems .
What can be inferred from what Li Yanjun said in Para.3 ? It likely change name caused unfavourable comments .	"""He did n't know how to comment on unfavourable comments ."
According to Brian and Julie , why does divorce rise in March and August ? Couples see marital problems vacation trips .	'People need time to decide and prepare before they divorce .
Where can you park the coach ? In main town car park	'Inside the Castle
Which one is right ? Mr. Black n't hear Mr. White 's answer .	"""Mr. White does n't answer Mr. Black 's question ."
What do the different types of waltz have in common ? They kind rhythm .	'They use the same kind of music .
Shawnelle mentioned her friendship with Tammy to prove family finally fitted new place	'Tammy was rich to have room for kids
"What is the article mainly about ? The discovery sleep "" homeostat """	'A new way to treat sleep disorders .
Donald got a high grade in maths because     copied another boy	'maths was his best subject
Why did the farmer bring apples to the rich man ? Because poor	'his farm belonged to the rich man
The money which was paid for the clothes belonged to     writer	'the older man
Which of the following statements will go with Skipweis ' opinion ? It 's necessary figure solutions conflict .	"""People 's demand for bottled water is to blame ."
The fox kicked the tree into the river because he wanted to eat apples	'share the apples with the monkey
Which of the following can be the best headline for the passage ? Students Learn Drive .	'Students Pay Less to Learn to Drive Now .
One must be in good physical condition if he wants to take part in Summer adventure holidays	'Windsurfing -- One - day course
"From the text , we know that "" Granny Look "" is website helps prepare special occasions"	'a person who guides you to make your yearly celebration a real success
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? A cat falls fourth story building likely die one falls 10th story .	'A pet cat that falls out of a tall building is not really at risk .
The teacher asked Harry 's mother to school because     Harry made angry	'Harry goes to school an foot
Why has the UN come under increasingly sharp attack by Americans since 1985 ? Because UN unfit peace keeper .	"""Because the US has n't been able to control the UN completely since 1985 ."
Why did the town people regard the monkey as something frightening ? He something upset people 's lives .	"""He was smart and always escaped from the people 's traps ."
This selection explains many stone walls New England	'how to make a stone wall in New England
Which of the following statements is true ? Students poor families often fall behind vocation .	'Year - round schools can solve the problem of the learning gap .
We can learn from the text that 're cellphones specially designed kids market	"'kids aged 6 to 10 have more cellphones than kids at other ages', ""kids who have cellphones have fewer friends than those who do n't"
Which of the following is TRUE about cafeteria workers ? They also meet emotional needs students .	"""It 's enough for them to cook for the students ."
According to the article , students can obtain relatively enough sleep by adjusting schedule	'changing the sleep rhythm
In Bruce Alberts ' opinion , which is the most important in science education ? Equipping students thinking model scientist .	'Offering all students enough practice to drill their mind .
What 's probably the best title of the passage ? A Mighty Tree .	'Trees in the Forest .
Why do people start to become cynical about awareness weeks ? People feel many awareness weeks marketing exercises .	'Too many awareness weeks make people feel bored .
What is the main idea of this passage ? A student learn everything school .	'School education is important for a person .
The passage is mainly about social problem concerning teenagers UK	'British teenagers who are interested in fashions
What 's the best title for the passage ? Paul Salopek : Following Man 's First Footsteps	"""Paul Salopek : Reflecting People 's Real Lives"
From the end of the passage , we know that cheap easy way stop children 's stomachaches found	'adults can also use their imaginations to make stomachaches go away
From the text , we know that teacher prepared different tea cups student	'the teacher should have given the students the same cups
What is the main reason why the Indians would go to Thailand for weddings ? Thailand offers wedding ceremony .	'They will be pressured into arranged married in India .
Which would be the best title of the passage ? The History Folk Music .	'Folk Music Pioneers
""" They are still practicing being parents . "" means parents always right"	'parents should practice more
Who called them when they were talking ? Mr Green 's mother	"'Mr Green .', ""Mr Green 's wife ."
What was the boy told to do on his first day in the library ? To find books wrong cards .	'To rearrange the books according to the new system .
Mr Perry telephoned the agency to thank Brian because Brian arranged everything well Mr. Perry	'Mr. Perry arranged everything so well for Brian
According to the text , Modern Dog interviews famous people	'has lovely dog pictures on the cover
What 's the best title for this short passage ? Something judo	'How to defend oneself
The sky looks blue mainly because the color blue in the sunlight pass space successfully	'has the longest wavelength among all the colors
What have scientists discovered about dolphins ? They speak one another .	'Men can now talk to them .
The writer saw his daughter 's purse right after starting car	'seeing her off at the bus station
Why are new uses of glass being developed ? Because glass cheap easily obtainable .	'Because glass is not as safe as plastics .
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ?     Species become smaller climate warms	'Why do some species become smaller ?
According to the passage , the decisive factor in maintaining a firm 's competitive advantage is improvement workers ' basic skills	'the introduction of new technologies
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Why Bilinguals Are More Intelligent	'How Bilinguals Use Languages
What can be inferred from the text ? The driver feels return lost money .	'The driver will ask the poker player for $ l
All of the following are true EXCEPT ounce unsweetened baking chocolate safe Moose	"""chocolate 's danger to dogs depends on its quantity and quality"
The story of Bill Clinton is used to introduce topic text	'describe his visit to Korea
Which is not stated in the passage ? Sandstorms main cause asthma	'Trees can help keep enough rain water
Which of the following statements is not right ? Children never go Ann 's workplace .	'Hunter and Nina get up early in the morning .
Which of the following could not be the factor that prevents girls from getting an education ? Being born weak .	'Long distance from school .
What do we know about the Solar Decathlon from the text ? The competition held three times 2009 .	'The participated teams are separated from the outside world during the competition .
To increase their energy supplies , many nations turn cheap energy	'turn to new energy
We may know from the scientific findings that    earlier start learn second language , higher grey matter density	"""the experience of learning a second language has bad effect on people 's brain"
Here are the good reasons for people to take holidays in autumn except that scenery autumn attractive	'Holidays in autumn can be cheaper
What do we learn from the passage ? Children find part - time jobs get old enough .	'Only children who help do the housework should get pocket money .
The author uses the example of Indian education to show that right education valued world	'Indian education is among the best in the world now
The author 's purpose of writing this passage is to     introduce Mother 's Day Father 's Day .	"'call on people to love and respect their parents .', ""tell the difference between Mother 's Day and Father 's Day"
We can learn from the passage that company owned 20 students .	'the company is over - night successful .
We prefer to use fingerprints to identify people because 	'we can never find the same set of fingerprints among human beings
The Garden Hotel lies beach far Hawaii 's top shopping malls	'on the beach and you will find many expensive things there
What is the aim of this diet program ? To keep healthy first lose weight second .	'To lose weight as much as possible .
The author uses her daughter 's example to show schools overemphasize testing	'her daughter is not a good student
Why ca n't people go very deep into the sea ? Because pressure water .	'Because of the living things in the sea .
To study animal emotions , scientists should set improved experiments	'analyze human emotions
The author suggests that couples should discuss money matters maintain healthy relationship	'put their money together instead of keeping it separately
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? It 's still unknown infants could tell difference languages .	"'All the infants in the study are of the same age .', ""The infants could hear the woman 's voice while watching the videos ."
The central character of the novel Is completely different vampires Romanians know	'is very similar to the vampires that Romanians know about
The passage is most probably intended to describe process paper - making	'introduce the history of paper - making
The author suggests that when men live together help protect wild animals .	'they will have no freedom and have to help others .
Santa does n't have social communications online probably because he trusts traditional ways communication	'prefers official and formal letters
If we want to learn English well , we can join QQ group many English lovers .	'do shopping on QQ .
Why did Wendy and Peter go to the park at first ? To fun .	'To empty litter cans .
What will a good joketeller always try to do ? Make unexpected thing happen expected situation .	'Make a sad situation into a pleasant one .
The writer mainly wants to tell us cautious communication technology	'Twitter 
It can be inferred from the passage that Tom Joe heard letter many times	"""Henry 's wife was 38 when she was last seen"
The Hoover Dam is mentioned in the passage in order to show dams impacted flow rivers	'dams play an important role in our life
What do famous people in Britain do in support of the Red Nose Day event ? Appear comic TV shows .	'Donate large sums of money .
What is said about online education in the text ? Universities trying online courses .	'About 2
What should the user do when the electricity in the battery is used up ? Recharge outside .	'Buy a scratch card .
The ruler is Frank 's	"""Alice 's"
From the passage we did n't know that bought famous berceuse 40 000 francs	'where Schubert composed his famous berceuse
The author probably thinks that nervous feelings may stop someone thinking useful ideas	'Loewi should not have done his experiment
What would be the best title of the text ? Let kids rule school within school	'Offer students few opportunities to do anything
The author 's purpose in writing the passage is to express thanks citizens Texas effort save electricity	'express his gratitude to businesses for keeping productive
We can conclude from this passage that jogging harmful runner properly prepared	'jogging makes heart disease no longer be an American problem
This passage mainly talks about roles oceans	'global warming
At the end of the story , you'll find that butcher found cheated   dog	"'the dog was clever enough to write on the paper', ""the dog dared not go to the butcher 's any more"
Bobby slowly gave the dime to the shop owner because shop owner would cheat	'he did not want any rose flowers
From Shakespeare 's words , we know   duty change better	'we complain a lot about our past choices
During the September 11th terrorist attacks , destroyed Pentagon completely	'terrorists hijacked three planes
Which of the following statements is right ? As teacher , Noah Webster n't satisfied books used .	'Noah Webster had to borrow books from Britain when he was a student .
Which one is not right ? None Americans want people smoke drink houses .	"""Many Americans do n't smoke or drink ."
What is the most important according to the writer ? How kind person helps others .	'The practical experience of the vet job .
"What does the author mean by saying "" he was a walking library "" ? Mr. Jones covered almost every work expatriates twenties ."	'Mr. Jones launched a lot of discussions on foreign literature .
What is the fastest way to get around London ? Traveling subway	'Traveling by bike
What ca n't we know from the story ? Lion friendly animals .	'Lion was stupid .
"What does Christakis mean by saying "" A happy friend is worth about $ 20,000 "" ? A happy friend increases chances happy 8 % ."	'A happy friend can help you bring in a wealth of $ 20
We can infer from the passage that people around writer friendly supported	"""before John 's death "
In this passage the writer wants to give us advice get good deal Christmas time	'tell us to shop online
The butcher did not give any meat to the dog felt sure words really written Mrs. Smith	'when he found that the words on the paper were not clear
Which of the following is the main topic of the passage ? Chinese scientist awarded top meteorological prize .	'A scientist who once crossed the South Pole .
In what way gene technology can help to treat hereditary diseases ? Using gene technology , scientist finds wrong gene corrects .	'Using gene technology 
Mary 's father got the idea to make small bike clay	'spend 5 hours working on the clay
"What 's the most popular activity in the "" Be - Kind - to - Animals Week "" ? Holding pet show week ."	'Playing with pets the whole week .
Why did the man write the letter ? Because he wanted to thank lady giving start thirty years ago	'give the money back to that young lady
If you drive on a long trip in summer , you can borrow audio books listen	'visit the local library and join book clubs
Among the following descriptions about The Original Tour,_is correct . There English - speaking guides routes .	'There is a commentary in 7 languages on all the routes offered .
What can we learn from Rascal 's impressive background ? His grandfather competition seven times .	'He comes from a family of ugly dogs .
It can be inferred that many couples faced problems retirement	'most people join various social groups after retirement
In the process of children 's learning new skills , parents achieve balance pushing hard leaving	'should encourage them to read before they know the meaning of the words they read
Why will the message appear in a different color1 in the second way to read the massage ? Because baking soda reacts grape juice .	'Because there is enough grape juice .
What.is the passage mainly about ? The history Tin Pan Alley .	"'American popular music .', ""Tin Pan Alley 's future ."
Which of the following happened first ? The writer got job another place .	'Rogers was sent to prison .
We Chinese may denote money to help the country 's cyclone victims   through Myanmar embassies Beijing .	'the Yangon International Airport
What does the writer want to tell us most ? Women 's brains better organized language communication .	'Women love to talk because they are more sociable than men .
Which would be the best title for the passage ? How choose child 's name ?	'Is a western name better than a Japanese name ?
Which of the following is not the possible serious outcome if air pollution is related to climate changes ? More sunlight would reach Earth .	'Parts of the Earth would be flooded one day .
According to the passage , what leads to hypoxia ? The brain lacks enough oxygen .	'Our body needs less oxygen during takeoff .
By mentioning the Swiss study , the author intends to tell us that natural minerals contain precious metals	'E - waste deserves to be made good use of
Mario 's grandpa gave him a special chair to test true friends	'sit on in the school
Professor John Beath 's lectures are connected present situation	'open to both students and their parents
What 's the best title of the passage ? Internet dating	'Internet dating sites .
What is the author 's present job ? Looking children kindergarten .	'Working parttime in a college .
What is the article mainly about ? How birds sing communicate .	'How birds build up their territories .
Which of the following   is NOT right ? Betty I different classes	'Betty likes Chinese food a lot .
According to the passage , we can learn that phone use eyes present	'the eye - controlling technology was first developed for the blind
Why is Kopi Lowak expensive ? There limited supply beans .	'The coffee trees that grow the beans are scarce .
A visitor can apply for a free audio tour Admission Center	'in the State Apartments
On Saturday morning , you Can take children play games City Theatre	'go to a concert at Rose Hall 
He tells a man to clean the road , because he wants take car garage	"""does n't like snow"
What 's the writer 's purpose of writing this article ? To advise us enjoy reading .	'To encourage us to find out solutions in books .
The cart was stopped by the policeman because light old man 's cart	"""the old man did n't have a light"
People help the penguins mainly because live rather tough environment	"""they 're so lovely and smart"
Sophia found out about Make - A - Wish because her best friend had    benefited	'volunteered to help it
Which of the following sentences is TRUE ? The man learned lot Tommy 's death .	"""The man 's daughter and her brother played at the park ."
According to the passage , often sure people mean describe feelings words gestures	"""we can hardly understand what people 's gestures mean"
How did Robert persuade the older man to accept the clothes ? He told older man way send back .	"'He told the older man that he would lose his job if he did not take them .', ""He told a lie that the clothes did n't fit himself ."
"The passage mainly wants to tell us that "" left gaze bias "" works animals"	"""dogs have been man 's best friends for thousands of years"
Which of the following is TRUE ? Almost nothing escape gravitational pull black hole .	"'Hawking has now studied black holes for more than 40 years .', ""During the course of the black hole 's forming the enormous weight of the star 's center moves into the outer layers ."
The writer of this passage seems to hold the opinion that college fees rise fast poor families .	"""poor people do n't need to send their children to college"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Mobile devices create lot divided attention social anxiety .	'The wide use of mobile devices has nothing to do with the traditional social construction .
According to the text , most Americans value honesty	'hate white lies
Which of the following is NOT true ? We work nature .	'We can find water in our body .
What can we learn from the passage ? The findings could help people live healthy life .	'The researchers only took age into consideration .
Shi suggested in her survey that     children 's tuition reduced	"""more private schools for migrants ' children should be built"
Which statement is right ? We ca n't judge    man clothes .	'A person in good clothes should eat good food
What can be learned from The Journal of Nutrition Education and Behavior ? Soft drinks may blame eating problems .	'Soft drink remains a problem in schools .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Trees needed things besides making gas .	'We got electricity from ocean tides in the old days .
When the AIDS virus enters the blood , it is reproduced by genetic material T4 lymphocytes	'the blood cells
We can infer from the text that food local farms help add variety daily meals	'soy or grains are on the list of traditional diets of the cattle
Which is WRONG about Sagittariaus ? Sagittarians often tell lies .	'Sagittarians show great interest in strange things and people .
According to Hugo Critchley , emotions connected states internal responses	'emotions are as visible as facial expressions
Some students in Morton High School thinks they have the right   to    choose wear school	'decide when to go to school
What can we know about Ma Cheng according to the passage ? She 26 years old .	'She has got her new ID card .
"If you ring "" Alive and Well "" , message passed parents"	'the police will bring you home
The main idea of the passage is that American people 's health threatened automobiles	'Americans are used to travelling by cars
Why do agriculturalists think that hemp would be better for paper production than trees ? More paper produced area land .	'Hemp produces higher quality paper .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The link cellphone use brain cancer .	'The current situation of cellphone use .
With which of the following may Dr. Linda Henkel agree ? Relying technology remember affects memory .	'Reviewing photos improves memories of objects .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE about Kamba and Maasai people ? Maasai people threat elephants .	'Kamba people raise elephants for farming .
If a girl finds a helmet a little bit big for her head , what should she do ? She use fit pads .	'She must buy a smaller size .
The main purpose of the passage is offer explanation psychology queuing	'to explain the advantages of serpentine line
What can we learn from the passage ? Climate change even affected plankton negatively .	'Birds have suffered more from climate change than fish .
Douglas was repeatedly talking about Lincoln 's low position in life because     wanted others look upon Lincoln .	'he was friendly to Lincoln .
How do you understand the last sentence If she sleeps a little longer , Baby too shall fly away ? You get enough power abilities something .	'If the baby sleeps for a long time 
It can be inferred from the passage that people of low income likely live together	'tend to live in big cities
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Mr. Robinson surprised see notice seat .	'Mr. Robinson was the last passenger to get on board the plane .
The passage is mainly about cause Red Sea parting	'the forming of the Red Sea
The construction of the bridge was mainly under the guide of     Washington	'John Roebling
The true cause leading the couple to Shanghai was     . limitation practicing t'ai chi England	"""Oliver 's severe back injury"
Which of the following about Aspirin is correct ? It used reduce fever pain prevent blood clotting .	'It only comes in the form of regular tablets .
According to the passage , Ken Levin became first man walk desert Bissel Village	'knew Argutel before he came to the village
"What is the best title of the passage ? "" Gangnam Styly "" ---- Most people 's favorite Music"	"'Life of the Music Star PSY', ""PSY 's Famous Compositions"
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? The Power Mind .	'You can change nothing .
What do we know about the people mentioned in the passage ? Nicole husband agreement name children .	'Jeff will remain in Japan as his wife is not used to Mexican life .
What can we infer from the passage ? Oswald 's voice great comfort Margaret .	"'The tube always uses recordings to remind passengers .', ""No recording can be equal to Oswald 's voice ."
What will be discussed following the passage ? How become good listener .	'Why listening is valuable .
Which of the following is NOT true ? The old woman waiting husband .	'The old woman lived in the country .
What is the similarity between crossroads friends and cross - generational friends ? They enjoy special kind intimacy .	'They become friends at a crucial time of their life .
What is this passage mainly about ? An artist 's animal work aims stop animal slaughter .	"""The risk of extinction for wild animals in Jay 's works ."
From this passage we know that English useful language one must work hard learn	'we can learn English easily
Why did Paul make the mistake ? Paul n't check teacher right solution .	'He went to the cupboard to get the bottle by himself .
"Which of the following is TRUE ? The soup "" delicious "" dinner , Tom hungry ."	'Tom had the soup for lunch .
If you are a dinner guest to a family in Ghana , you 're first taken living - room	'told to wash your hands
What is the passage mainly about ? Celebrating life changes .	'Celebrating birthdays .
Which job probably offers the second highest salary ? Junior chef .	'Kitchen manager .
Which of the following sentences is TRUE according to the passage ? People used Bow - Lingual say helps better understand dogs .	'Dog owners now can understand their dogs better .
What is the best title for the article ? The Fishing Rod	'The Fishing Man
The researches made by the IOE indicate that school model little influence women 's marriage	'education is the main cause of middle age depression
Sometimes men think that women bright	'they have rights as equal as women
What is the passage mainly about ? Doubts worth holding MBA degree .	'Why there is an increased enrollment in MBA programs .
What prevents many Americans practicing better food safety in their kitchen ? They think careful enough already .	"""They do n't trust the Food and Drug Administration ."
What 's the purpose of the new product ? To limit certain drivers safe driving .	'To inform us of the new car system .
What is the main topic of the text ? The fake image mantids katydids .	'The fight between mantids and katydids .
What can we say about the author from the text ? He anxious misunderstanding Frost 's idea .	"""He thinks highly of Frost ' s poems ."
"It can be inferred from the passage that original name horse race "" The Run Roses "" contained word "" Kentucky """	"'KFC is still not allowed to use the name of "" Kentucky Fried Chicken """
What kind of men is least likely to get depressed when their child was born ? Men traditional families .	'Men who were not living with their partners .
Who is Robbi ? Robbi name robot .	"""Robbi is the writer 's toy car ."
What can we learn from the passage ? Imagining relaxing scene may help .	'Stress is always bad for people .
From the passage we learn the author improved reading ability helped computers	'advises us to use computers at work .
"Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? "" Important Message "" Virus"	'Message from Friends Contains Virus
The author mainly wants to tell us live simply , may happier	'they live a happy life
When on board the plane , passengers like read - flight magazines	"'passengers from one nation have little in common', ""more than half of the passengers do n't enjoy plane food"
According to the passage , why was Tabor able to achieve great success in Leadville ? His wise decisions helped achieve goals .	'He knew miners there were poor .
Why can the service called Asurion help to treat nomophobia ? It enables reconnect acquaintances .	'It lets you know other people also lose their phones .
We can infer from the passage that    .Yang group help protect worsened environment along Yangtze River	'.Yang Xin wanted to be well - known as a garbage cleaner
According to the passage , what has science done to mankind ? As result scientific invention , things may harmful added food .	'Because of science there is no polluted food any more .
Why is our nation being encouraged to stop wasting food ? Because number food wasted us growing fast .	"""Because there 's enough food for Chinese people ."
What does the passage NOT talk about ? Making pen pals .	'Living in the e - age .
Which of the following is TRUE ? The writer taught mother teachers .	"""The writer did n't have lessons every day ."
According to the passage . which of the following is NOT true ? Green tea Yoga benefit cats .	"""Cats can copy humans ' schedule ."
The scientists study the cures from the healers in order to find plant works cure disease	'find out if the plant is poisonous
El Nino is huge area warm water	'a storm that hits every two years
What kind of names covers the most in the top 100 boys ' names ? Traditional royal names .	'Unique names .
What is the main idea of this passage ? The world needs volunteers .	'Mother Teresa was a great volunteer .
We can learn from the passage that Stroobants probably charge taking care statue	'for most of the year 
What 's the author 's purpose of writing the passage ? To tell us future TitanicII .	'To tell us TitanicII will cost a lot of money .
The writer likes   Sichuan food	'Cantonese food
It is suggested during talking that     Australians bring subjects first .	'you should tell the Australians what education you have received .
What is the main idea of this passage ? A 400-pound gorilla bit zoo keeper escaping cage .	"'A zoo keeper was injured while working at the zoo .', ""A zoo keeper forgot to lock the door of a gorilla 's cage ."
El - Erian resigned from PIMCO mainly because wanted experience daughter 's milestones	'his daughter has been missing him badly
The article mainly talks about Jane Austen 's last novel : Persuasion	"""Jane Austen 's unique writing style"
What does the passage mainly deal with ? Different attitudes British men towards crying .	'Impression of British men .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Mr. Smith speak English French well .	'Mr. Smith works as a math teacher in a university .
"What is this passage mainly about ? The importance "" felt "" images"	"'Stroke victims \' "" felt "" images', ""Stroke victims ' mirror images ."
As a diabetic , the author could still live normally in 1941 because able buy enough insulin	'she was looked after by her husband
The passage suggests that when we learn a language , know culture language	'we should grasp the importance of the language
It can be inferred from the passage that    Doubleday must army officer	'Doubleday in fact came from Britain
The passage is mainly about rescue baby elephant	'a brief introduction to the elephant orphanage
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? Li realized dream hard work .	'Li was at ease at the first sight of president Putin .
What 's the purpose of Lucy 's letter ? To tell Jenny n't want friends longer .	'To tell Jenny that she is really sorry for what happened yesterday .
The writer will agree with the opinion that    goals help get work done	'not reviewing will result in careless work
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Allowance helps teach children early money .	"'Children should save part of their allowance .', ""Do n't pay your child for work around the home ."
It may be inferred from this passage that proposals seat belts school buses would seriously considered	'many of the opponents   of seat belt installation are parents and officials of the Department of Transportation
It can be concluded from the passage that newspaper readers usually read newspaper selectively	'apply reading techniques skillfully
Which of the following is TRUE ? Tom spent money .	"""The post office was very far from Mr. Brown 's house ."
Which of the following is not right from the passage ? You ca n't use plastic bags supermarkets June 1st .	"'People may use other material to make shopping bags .', ""The students ' work may bring inspiration to the supermarkets ."
Why did n't people get into the writer 's father 's taxi ? Because thought writer passenger .	"""Because her father did n't like to turn on the radio ."
By mentioning the example of a girl , Winston Smith wants to present negative effect student grading	'criticize the student grader
After seeing the irises sprouting , the author decided send flowers sister Mom 's birthday	'decided to send them to Mom after they bloom
What can we learn from the studies ? Protein helps keep muscle mass bums calories .	'It bums more calories to deal with carbohydrates .
"If you do n't want to go to your friend 's birthday party , you may say , ""   I 'm afraid I ca n't ."	"""I 'm busy"
Which of the following is what the writer does n't say in the passage ? People happy friends leave .	'People may never see their friends after their friends move away .
The purpose of this passage is to call people participate Thanksgiving event	'introduce a Thanksgiving volunteer group
Which can be the best title of the passage ? A Late Birthday Gift	"""Linda 's Birthday"
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The Caribbean place hurricanes occur often .	'There were no hurricanes two centuries ago .
Who will pay for the tea after the mediator solve some problems ? The person caused problem	'All the persons in the teahouse
Which of the following students is most likely to be focused ? A standing boy faced stress	'A boy sitting in a warm room
By cloning Missy , Mark Westhusin hopes to find differences Missy clones	'study the possibility of cloning humans
When you take a test in the Test Center , all of the following are forbidden EXCEPT eat drink	'to use your cell phone
I need some money because I need food eat	"'need water to drink', ""do n't need water to drink"
When is this passage probably written ? Before Christmas .	'Before Zero Waste starts .
The policeman asked the three suspects to bite the pieces of the cheese because he thought way could ask dentist help comparing bite - marks	'they were not professional thieves to break into a golf club
What does the last part of the story show ? Other children began help keep park clean .	'People laughed at the children for picking up trash .
"The "" Life "" survey of children 's TV habits agrees U.S. Department Education study finds negative effects watching TV"	"'concludes that watching up to seven hours a day of TV is good for children', ""concludes that there are n't any good shows on TV any more"
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? TIROS successful giving weather forecasts .	'The U.S. satellite program began in 1972 .
Who is the Big Draw for ? people would like try drawing .	"""People who ca n't draw ."
According to the passage , the author most probably tends to tell us drinking enough water key one 's health	'the more water one drinks 
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? People world celebrate Tomb Sweeping Day .	'We have one day off for Tomb Sweeping Day .
The boy ate up the raw fish head only in two gulps , because he took good medicine	'was a foolish boy
The passage tells us that salesmen have found colors affect sales	'tried colors on blind people
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? GPS social media technology helpful group buying	"""People have accepted group buying because it 's a new concept"
Many boys do poorly in school because interest things 're learning	"""they 're punished for a crime they did not commit"
Knight sued Charles Annan because he tried patent invention	'stole the wooden model for the machine she invented .
Why did China UnionPay carry out the experiment ? To find whether someone help strangers need help .	'To find out whether strangers need help when they are in trouble .
What will Louie get if he lives without chocolate for a week ? A new skateboard .	'More chocolate biscuits .
According to the passage , a greenhorn means    person new job	'a young cow or ox whose horns have not yet developed
"In the "" homestay "" program , a visitor can improve language ability"	'learn more about holidays
Which of the following is NOT mentioned by the researchers in the passage ? Whether poor teens prove findings .	'The amount of nutrients teens should take in a day .
What does this passage mainly talk about ? In future , people live 100 UK .	'A long life is not always good news .
According to Pollick and Waal gestures are different from facial and oral expressions in that gestures limited certain type primates .	'the meaning of facial and oral expressions can vary with circumstances .
Which of the following methods is wrong according to the text ? Searching online effective way look job .	'You should have your resume read by your friends after finishing it .
What happened to Reagan after this encounter ? He allowed take local bus one year free .	"""He rejected Bouvier 's offer and took the shop job ."
What can we learn about this world , s toughest climb ? It took two climbers 19 days get top .	'It is also the world \n 
Why did sales go up in Sylvan Goldman 's grocery store after he began providing shopping carts ? Because customers able carry items shopping .	'Because grocery stores without shopping carts made less money .
Of the following technical problems , which is the one the scientists ca n't solve so far ? They ca n't ensure insects produce young .	"""They ca n't keep sound growth of the insects ."
In the United States , most tornadoes happen late winter middle summer	'from late summer to middle summer
The passage tells us make complaint good effect	"""how to settle a consumer 's complaint"
The writer wrote this passage to tell us live easier life high school .	'advise us to study hard in high school .
When the plant sent out methyl jasmonate , which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? The nearby cabbage plants tried warn near plants .	'The nearby cabbage plants seemed to sense some kind of danger .
The woman 's skin is orange because eats many orange things	'she drinks too much orange
What do we know about Ms. Wendy ? She satisfied son 's performance school .	'She insists that her son go to school .
The reason for Eve 's feeling sick is most probably that worried physics exam	'she found Lisa was looking back at her
Educations are still arguing about value different types reading material	'the amount of information provided by books and newspapers
Suppose you are too far away from Beijingor you ca n't spare time to go there in person , which of the following show can you enjoy all the same ? Flower festival	'Russian dances
What is the main idea of the passage ? Sandstorms happened first day new year .	'Sandstorms took place in Gansu .
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? The temperature low evening .	'It was raining when she left the bar .
"When one says "" Can you give me a hand ? "" , he means needs help"	'he needs to hold your hand .
The reason why the two brothers worked out the agreement was that family poor could n't afford academy	'one of the brothers deserved to go down to mines
Zhang Feng said that    agreed reduce limit number mainland women giving birth Hong Kong	'few families had been punished after having a second child in China
We can learn from the passage that Jacqueline     gained lot career editor	'became fond of reading after working as an editor
The author uses the example of mobile phones to show that . robots used widely one day	'more and more people are using mobile phones now
According to the text , which statement is NOT true about the boy ? The boy Santiago 's adopted son .	'The boy had mercy on Santiago .
What is the finding of the Canadian researchers ? Encouraging positive thinking many harm good .	'Unhappy people can not think positively .
What can we infer from the passage ? Ode Joy traditional Chinese drama character - driven .	"""Ode to Joy is the first TV series to show a group of women 's life in the city ."
Pinto will most likely agree that learning use credit cards practical	"'parents should let teens own their credit cards earlier', ""you should n't be in control of credit cards"
An earthquake shook San Francisco in the past because San Francisco stands along Pacific Plate North American Plate	'San Francisco stands near the Pacific
The main idea of the passage is diet health	'about the head and neck cancer
Why will there be a quick growth in electric bicycle production in the next five years in China ? Because central government encourages people save energy .	"'Because electric bicycles can save the consumer more money .', ""Because most people in China ca n't afford cars ."
"From the survey we can conclude most customers usually "" tip "" sign suggests"	'would probably tip if there is an option
A person will be admitted into Relay for Life on condition that he / she     . pays $ 10 registering	'has gone through cancer
Twenty - four still photographs are made into a continuous moving picture just because image see usually stays longer actually appears .	'the eyes catch million pieces of information continuously .
The author 's intention of writing this passage is to recommend Americans drink water tap	'send plastic bottles to landfills
Which argument was put forward by the environmental groups ? Recycling programs save money .	'Recycling technologies are mature .
. Who likes biscuits ? Tim Mimi .	'Mrs. Green and Mr. Green .
will probably provide you with articles about music and paintings . Beauty	'New View
The passage is mainly about How Liu Qian becameChina 's hottest magician	'Why Liu Qian plays magic well
As for the influence of the book , character Tom inspired blacks oppressed people world	'it was the first American novel to be translated into Russian
According to the ad , which of the following is TRUE ? We save Y=500 leaving late August instead late September .	'Changcheng Hotel is in the center of Beijing .
What is implied in the passage by the writer ? If cease struggle , cease live .	'To use wealth properly 
We learn from the passage that stammerers understood contribute world	'stammerers face bullying in school but not in the workplace
It can be inferred from the passage that American Idol started earlier Super Girl .	"""Male applicants from Hong Kong wo n't be accepted to attend Happy Boy show ."
The main purpose of the writing is to encourage students volunteer work	'tell students where to do volunteer work
McCurdy is NOT the first one to fly Key West Toronto	'fly in Canada
The main purpose of writing this text is to attract people 's attention hotel	'introduce the advanced equipment in a hotel
Why does Senator Charles Schumer propose ? Working regulations social - networking sites .	"""Banning the sharing of users ' personal information ."
After graduation , why did the author waste his music talent ? He busy work .	'He realized that his music talent was nothing at all .
All of the following are the results brought by Pioneer 's purchase of Norand except Norand 's employees joined Pioneer	"'Pioneer can explore high - technology markets outside agriculture', ""Pioneer 's sales representatives can upload information using Norand hand - held terminals"
We can learn from the passage that US employers value job applicants degree top universities	'University of Purdue and Purdue University are the same school
The passage mainly tells us that particular way people made good wishes still popular UK	"'some people attached "" love padlocks "" to bridges and fences to symbolize lasting romance"
Which of the following statements is true ? The woman given lesson .	"""The gossip did n't hurt anyone at all ."
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Honda showing sedan powered special water , causes less pollution .	'Car makers are trying to develop environmentally friendly cars .
The writer mentioned Nevado del Ruiz to prove The importance preparing volcanic eruption	'The failure to keep volcanic dangers from happening
In England , education means teaching knowledge	"""filling a boy 's mind with stories"
What can we learn about friendship , according ? Friends childhood sometimes forgotten bus .	'Friends are always around us and will never go away .
Babage explained his new idea to the government officials , expecting that would support money	'they would pay for his new idea
Where can you learn something as well as have a good time ? Dinosaur Isle West Wight .	'Dinosaur Isle and Robin Hill Country Park .
"Why did the writer 's father listen to her quietly ? Because believed daughter 's "" enemy "" said true ."	'he knew that his daughter would not listen to him at that moment
Which of the following is wrong according to the passage ? You ca n't go anywhere even feel thirsty hungry .	'You can leave your branch room to find some food .
By giving the example of a late soccer game , the writer intends to tell us It fun busy kids	'Being too busy is bad for the kids
The writer thinks that . could n't stop using mobile phones though might harmful way	'it would be strange if we stop using mobile phones
What music can make people happy and full of energy ? Good music .	'Sad music .
What is the best title for this passage ? Learn leader .	'Leadership characteristics .
According to the passage , which of the following is suggested as the last alternative that consumers may turn to ? Turn Consumers ' Rights Protection Organization help .	'Complain to the store manager in person .
What can be the best title for this passage ? Redefinition American Dream	'Meaning of American Dream
What does a superstar mean ? A person wonderful skilful sports , films music	'A person who is very famous in science
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the article ? Americans use food part celebrations .	"'American cuisine is healthier than other cuisines .', ""American cuisine has n't changed much over time ."
After reading this passage , we can infer that Baden might one Stephen 's family members	'Stephen had never had to defend his desires before
What is the experts ' opinion about the goat - raising business ? You better cautious patient .	'Goats are hardly possible to raise .
What does this text mainly tell us ? Caffeine may help better long - term memory .	"""Coffeeis essential for people 's work ."
Which is a reason why some readers like American English better ? American English popular international communication	'Most educated people speak American English
What problem do the women have ? They always forget easily .	"""They ca n't see well ."
What is the best title of the text ? Hacking Xbox , even 5-year - old could	'Microsoft 
Which of the following is right ? Mrs . Green stopped car red light .	'Mrs . Green stopped her car on the street because she enjoyed the lights .
The United Kingdom is mainly made up of 2 parts : whole Britain Northern Ireland	'3 parts : Scotland 
The airline flies planes to cities like Paris . day night , week	'two or three times a week
If you want to keep the flames of love burning , you should make certain person love also sincere	'try to get rid of your bad manners as soon as possible .
How were Saratoga Chips invented ? A cook made play trick guest .	'A guest told a cook how to make the chips .
Which of the following is not right ? The breakfast , quickly learn class	"""It 's bad for your health to have no breakfast"
Thieves usually get the information of the credit - card stealing information Websites	'because many customers lost their cards
What is the best title for this passage ? Why US students learn Mandarin	'Schools in China
Why did the office manager leave after directing Lillian to type a letter ? She wanted test Lillian	'She was not satisfied with Lillian .
The Prime Minister died because fell ground horse	'Effendi killed him
Which of the following desrciptions is True ? Trafalgar Square tourist attraction place political demonstrations .	"'In theGeffrye Museumvisitors can learn the history of London from Roman times to today .', ""The Queen Mary 's Rose Gardens is in Buckingham Palace ."
The passage is written mainly to tell us exciting new science year 2006 .	'space flight full of wonders .
What problems does sport have ? Some women athletes given hormone injections .	'Some women athletes are actually men .
What can we learn about Li Hua from his email ? He student Hong Kong	'His level of English is very low .
Which sentence is RIGHT ? We feel tired long dream .	"""The mind is n't work when we dream ."
Which University has the style of pure Collegiate Gothic ? Princeton University	'Tsinghua University
When the explosion came , it stronger expected	'destroyed the tree without harming the plantation
The main purpose of the passage is to appeal people food safety	'introduce some food safety incidents
hat is the text mainly about ? World 's top 10 rivers risk .	'Saving fresh water in our life .
Why are many people trying to cut down the use of Twitter and Face book as well as emails ? Because realize communication technology disrupting family life .	'Because they are determined to communicate face to face .
What can be inferred from OKCupid 's finding ? Do n't use perfect pictures trying find dates online .	'People with perfect pictures will find dates sooner or later .
According to the text , which of the following statements is NOT true ? As sportsman , faster forget lost chance , worse performance .	"'If you spend more time recovering ', ' the incident will be more likely to influence you .', 'If you spend more time recovering ', ' you . are tess likely to perform to your personal best .', ""We ca n't reduce the time spent in recovery in a day "
How many pieces of meat does Joe have in the fridge ? Only one piece meat .	'Two pieces of meat .
"What can we infer from the text ? After spraying "" Sprayable Energy "" , 'll get rid tiredness ."	"'"" Sprayable Energy "" contains caffeine as well as nicotine ."
What do we know from the story ? The boy helpful .	'The boy was thankful .
The bottle of perfume given to Ms Miller showed Bob grateful Ms Miller	"""was presented on Mother 's Day"
"The "" melting pot "" accurately reflect reality United States"	'is an accurate way to describe the United States
What is the text mainly about ? The changes person 's accent .	"""The Queen 's Christmas speeches on TV ."
The passage mainly talks about_in UK universities . main reasons Chinese students ' poor performance	'the great pressure Chinese students are suffering
Which of the following is not included in article ? Ways narrowing generation gap .	'The causes of generation gap .
Which of the following is one of earthquake nerves according to the passage ? An Arabian horse tried escape enclosure .	'An Australian horse was perfectly calm .
If you find only PS1.00 left on your Oyster card for your home journey , you given one chance take London bus	'will not be allowed to get on a London bus
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT TRUE ? Ma Yun chose Alibaba name liked story Alibaba .	'Ma Yun was born on the 15th of October 
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Einstein thought people could learn mistakes .	'Einstein has been to many countries except America .
The author suggests that new users of Vibram FiveFingers should begin shorter running distance normal	'run in the shoes every day at top speed
What is the feature of a passive house ? Its building cost   ly high .	"""There 're no windows or chimneys ."
"When a rhotic accent occurs , letter "" r "" sounded vowel"	"'the letter "" r "" is silent in any positions"
The aim of text is to offer teenager part - time jobs DC Public Library	'introduce the DC Public Library
From the passage , we can learn    species tends grow smaller numbers decline	"'pandas began to eat bamboo 2 million years ago', ""the giant pandas were about a third the size of today 's pandas"
Why are the investors of Apple worried according to the text ? Steve Jobs ' health condition stable	"""Apple 's stock price changes a lot"
What can be inferred from the passage ? The older woman , less likely seems lose romance .	'Lacking love can lead young people to grow up more quickly .
Which of the following will the writer most probably agree with ? Parents praise children much .	"""Children 's self - respect should n't be parents ' major concern ."
From this passage we can know that the writer feels parent - teacher talks made much constructive	"'is satisfied with the relationship between school and home', ""believes that schools ca n't teach pupils well"
What does the story want to tell us ? Having many friends means friends sometimes .	'Sometimes enemies can become good friends .
The goal of a speech at a political gathering might be persuade audience vote candidate	'to entertain the audience with humor and magic
Which of the following two expressions have almost the same meaning ? To hot water;To deep water .	'To be in hot water;To keep your head above water .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Some girls Sudan Indonesia bound live life without education born .	"""The countries where women have great influence and are in power always do worse in girls ' education ."
Which title best gives the main idea of the passage ? The Advantages Internet	'Exchanging Information on the Internet
What is the real reason resulting in the old man 's mental improvement ? The pleasure helping people need .	"""The girl 's love and great care ."
What does the text mainly discuss ? What pets bring owners	"'How pets help people calm down', ""people 's opinions of keeping pets"
Which of the fact is TRUE according to the passage ? 2/3 0f consumers know little products greener .	'Green life style can reduce about 80%of environmental pressures .
Which of the following may be the title of the passage ? Perfect Match	'Anonymous Donor
In different stages of love , pink rose implies love comes maturity .	'roses of different colours show love to a girl .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The smell humans may bring trouble bisons .	'The park refused to send the baby bison back .
From the passage we can infer that Intel Corporation fallen behind profitable market smart phones	'Intel Corporation has become the world leader in the smar tphone market
What does the writer think of the computers ? It 's good thing	'Sorry 
According to the latest research , Mona Lisa was wife Florentine merchant	"'a woman of poor virtue', ""da Vinci 's second wife"
What can we know about Puglia ? Its diet enjoys wide popularity .	'It has the most delicious food in Italy .
The author wrote this passage in order to tell us bamboo flooring brands good	'explain the importance of bamboo flooring
Both Dan Brucker and Justin Ferate show interest station	'have worked for the station for 30 years
A balanced diet made foods five food groups .	'includes many foods containing fat .
How did scientists study the cause of out - of - body experience ? By studying changes brain cause experience .	"""By studying chemical materials in dying people 's brains ."
People are afraid of the ants because kill people	'they can eat and kill elephants
Marriages improve after children fly the coop not because many couples need n't work	"'many couples are able to spend time together', ""many couples arc able to enjoy each other 's company"
From the old lady 's answer , we know that couple using false teeth	'the couple suffered a terrible toothache
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To criticize 10 percent theory .	'To present two sides of brain theory .
A T cell is white blood cell	'a brain cell
Which of the following is fit for 5-year - old Rose who is interested in pet stories ? If You Give Dog Donut	'The Petit Appetit Cookbook
Venice proudly boasts marvelous ancient buildings	'its beautiful churches 
The author refers to Venus primarily in order to support argument CO2level atmosphere significant effect climate	"'show that the greenhouse effect works on other planets but not on Earth', ""show the degree to which Earth 's atmosphere differs from that of Venus"
From the passage , we can learn that disabled children take part program called Blaze Sports free	'disabled children have hardly any chance to go to college
What is the use of a biscuit in taking pictures of a pet ? To capture cute look .	'To arouse the appetite of the pet .
We can learn from the text that Peter knew future	"""Peter 's father did n't care about him"
How do you understand the last sentence of this passage ? I think it means one must decide use computer	'computers are used by people
All the following are what the author wants to do EXCEPT give money gentleman	'get in touch with the gentleman
Which of the following statements best explains foot pain ? Not avoided .	"""People ca n't slow its process ."
Which of the following statements is True ? Mothers spend time children fathers .	'Mothers usually spend three hours looking after their children a day .
Why do people have to live under the sea in 2050 according to the passage ? There oxygen moisture around earth destroyed .	'It is interesting to build cities and live under the sea .
The researchers did the study look relationship sleep quality inflammation	'to find a cure for women with heart disease
What will happen to students praised for being smart in face of choosing tasks compared to students praised for working hard ? He choose less challenging task .	'He will hide his mistakes from his teachers .
According to the article , which of these steps are most important for a new skater ? Learn fall stop safely .	'Find a class and skate fast .
At school you should get knowledge also improve ability	"'study math harder than any other subject', ""stop learning the subjects you do n't like"
According to the passage , how can we solve the problems around Lake Victoria ? More sources water must found .	'People must build more power plants .
According to the passage , in 2100 while output of food will be greater , developing countries people less food today	'people will have sufficient food supplies
It is implied in the passage that must face defeat courageously	'the author thinks there is only one factor which makes for success in living
What did Crosby say about people in the 1960s ? They wanted live away parents .	'They were eager to raise more children .
To improve your hearing , read , watch , talk listen	'select a set of good books with cassettes
Unistats is a website that works to help students select best university subject	'meet other teenage students online
Why does music therapy help people to improve their levels of depression and anxiety ? People express interact without using words .	'People are very proud of creating music themselves .
In the years following the First World War , honors went Einstein	"""Einstein 's theory was soon accepted even by ordinary people"
We can infer from the passage that Tiger Woods ' father plays important role road success	"'Tiger Woods has a happy family', ""Tiger Woods ' mother did n't set high expectations for him"
If you 'd like to watch a sports game , you could turn on the TV to Channel 3 8:00	'Channel 5 at 6:00
Which of the following is TRUE about the princess 's decision ? The question left open author .	'It has no influence on the life of the young man .
Which of the following sentences is TRUE ? Copperfield also dances shows .	'Copperfield has never been to Beijing .
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Time Spain turn back	"'Lifestyle changes in Spain', ""Spain 's time zone issues"
Which of the following is true according to the text ? In history , many Scotlanders moved North America .	"'Overseas visitors do not like to stay in Scotland for the night .', ""VisitScotland is trying to change people 's impression on Scotland ."
69 . What can we learn about the Golden Eagles Hotshots ? Their work requires physical strength .	'They are firefighters working in big cities .
The traveller explained how to use a camera to the head because wanted head worry	'the head wanted to learn to take pictures
Which of the following can not describe the new species of rodent ? They live meat animals .	'They live among the rocky hills of Laos .
What would be the best title for the text ? Lost sperm whale baby reunited family	'Baby whales perform slamming with joy
Which of the following is right ? Kumar 's sisters made bed .	"""Everyone did chores in Kumar 's family"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The barcode receive Radisson contributes fast check - .	'At Yotel New York 
Which of the following is suggested by the writer ? Do n't use phone hour without break .	'Hold the phone at least half a meter away from the eyes .
What can we learn from the passage ? Both universities colleges help prepare students make living .	"'Both universities and colleges include different schools .', ""The purpose of liberal arts is to train a person 's job skill ."
Which of the following will the author probably agree with ? Idle time children becoming thing past .	"""For children 's benefits "
Dr. Haydon asked Dr. Eyck to come to Clens Falls because boy needed help	"""the boy wounded by a shot was Dr. Eyck ' patient"
According to Scott Hahn , one big challenge to designers who will go organic is that quality organic replacements synthetics readily available	'much more time is needed to finish a dress using sustainable materials
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Johnson began volunteer early age .	'Johnson was infected with HIV at birth .
Why does n't the author want to talk about being a woman scientist again ? She fed issue gender discrimination   .	'She is not good at telling stories of the kind .
From the passage we can learn that Though people n't understand , postman continued dream - building castle .	'The postman had a colourful life before the accident in which he lost his balance .
This passage does n't talk about food pollution	'water pollution
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Many insects get food flowers .	'After growing a flower 
Which of the following requires a participant to pay additional fees ? Flying Juneau hometown .	'Going from Gustavus to Juneau by train .
The participants of the two groups tended lie less activities	'told as many lies as before
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? There food weeds moon , even though 's air .	'The climate on the moon is quite different from that on the Earth .
A good title for this passage is The International Red Cross	'People in Need of Help
Which of the following statements is NOT right ? Gold discovered California Death Valley got name .	'Death Valley extends from California to Nevada .
Which is true according to the passage ? Our.country getting along quite well developing spaceship rockets ,	"'Important technique about spacewalk remain uncertain in spite of researches .', ""spacewalk is the only factor that leads to Shenzhou VII mission 's complexity ."
The passage was written to Call people respect love elders	"'explain what elders are like', ""criticize those people who do n't respect elders"
Xing Pu suggested that the government give out 1,000 Yuan to each Chinese because growing economic pie shared among people	'the poor should get help from the rich
It can be inferred from the text that Ibn n't fond sultan Delhi	'Ibn never liked ancient China
The Indian sugar cane farmers feel rich harvest poor harvest	'are smarter when they are poor
Those who are in favor of homework think that homework helps children learn independently	"'homework helps students to succeed', ""it 's good for kids to help each other in learning"
What makes Rico special ? He shows high level language ability .	'He seldom uses one word orders .
From the passage we get to know water vapour air tropics cold polar regions	'there is more water vapour in the air in cold polar region than in the tropics
"The writer mentions the fact that "" none of the stolen cars have been returned "" to show Chen thinks might correct ."	'the thief is extremely clever .
According to the writer , the British like to arrive minutes late discuss business meal	'arrive on time and talk business during the meal
From the passage , we can learn that Farnsworth is inventor improved somebody else 's idea	'the first person who worked for the transmission of electronic pictures
We can learn from this passage that author deep feeling Sandy	"""the author lives in Sandy 's home now"
From the passage , we can conclude that writer used cut beautiful Christmas trees	"""his mother did n't like perfect trees"
Russell thought students could solve problems line	"'the students spent too much time on the Internet', ""the students should n't chat and play games online"
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? In cultures , child 's name tell come .	'Nearly 33 % of the people wish they had been given a different name .
Which of the following questions does the information supplied in this passage try to answer ? What might cause series regular increases decreases amount CO2 atmosphere ?	'What are the steps in the process that takes place as CO2absorbs long - wavelength radiation ?
Why did several major Shanghai travel agencies stop organizing the tour to Japan ? Becauese Diaoyu Islands issue happened China Japan .	'Because it is far from China to Japan .
Which of the following may be the cause of depression ? Net users less time communicate people .	'Net users found their living conditions bad .
What can we learn from the passage ? The power   language great .	'We can get more money by changing a sign .
What 's the passage mainly about ? Why baths matter much birds .	'How birds clean themselves .
Why did the man asked the butcher to tell him the way to cook meat ? He n't know cook meat .	"""He was n't good at cooking meat ."
Why have schools in southeastern Korea stared to use robot teachers ? Because Korea wants make students become interested English studies .	'Because robot teachers are more beautiful than the real teachers .
Which of the following is WRONG ? Jack really reading books evening .	"""Mrs. Green did n't live alone ."
We learn from the passage that rules made related disabled placards	'disabled placards will be stopped by the government
In this passage the writer mainly wants to tell us great mother 's love	'a boa is a dangerous animal
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Election systems U.S.	'Birthday boxes in the U.S.
A new network system was set up to make keep working time	'make computers cheaper
Donna knew nothing about Felipe 's heart until well strong enough	"""Felipe 's parents told her the bad news"
The research led by Jessica Payre tries to explain influence sleep memory	'show students ways to improve memory
It happened last night that city 's lights affected meteor watching	'the city light show attracted many people
"Which of the following is""aggressive driving "" ? Shouting loud another driver ."	'Driving at a low speed .
Which of the following does the editor advise Tuan Yan NOT to do ? Keep quiet thing	'Find a time to see Miss Mao
The main purpose of the passage is to show start customs May Day	'the reason why they celebrate May Day
What can be learned about Start School Later ? Dr . Snider director nonprofit organization .	'It is a commercial organization belonging to Yahoo Health .
As far as their eating habits are concerned , babies and rats are similar in that wisdom choose balanced diet	'both prefer flavored food and drink
What 's the main reason for the food scandals in China ? Too many people trying make money .	'None of the producers obeys the laws .
What 's the main purpose of writing the passage ? To advocate giving reading news .	'To offer tips on choosing news .
It can be learned from the passage that nearly Kano Jiguro 's students dead .	'Fukuda achieved the tenth - degree black belt at 97 .
The purpose of the passage is tell differences two kinds explorations	'to stress the importance of the undersea exploration
Which of the following is true ? To send instant messages , people usually download app first	'people sent 19 billion SMS texts every day in 2012
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Lack sleep raises risk stroke heart disease .	"'It raises the levels of ghrelin ', ' thus making us feel hungrier .', 'Sleeping for longer than nine hours a night may be an early warning sign .', ""The scientists believe that our ' work hard "
What is the key factor making the fish smaller now ? The lower level oxygen water .	'The rising body temperatures .
What is this article mainly about ? About Chinese living Libya return motherland ..	"""It 's mainly about Ling and his life in Libya ."
Katie was nervous at first because starting job	'it was her first day in Glasgow
The passage mainly tells us that e - waste sent developing countries excuse reuse	'developing countries are facing serious environmental problems
Speciallymade lanterns   are hung outside each house to help dead find way	'welcome the dead to go home
What do we know about the camp programs at Shadow Ridge ? Horses play central role activities .	'Campers are required to wear camp T - shirts .
What job does Inez help to do in the salt mine ? To attach labels box .	'To carry salt packages .
What does Tom always do on weekends ? He plays musical instruments old people .	'He plays with his friends .
Mr . Young became angry because teacher taught daughter nothing	'he paid a lot of money to the teacher
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? There students threatening students using social networking .	"""The Internet ca n't be a good bridge to get along well with students ."
It can be inferred that ice lake n't strong enough skate	"""people think little of the two university students ' death"
Which of the followings is NOT the reason for Cai to make his decision ? His parents teachers persuaded go Tibet .	"'He met Wu Ling and was impressed by her plan .', ""He was moved by the kid 's desire to improve their Mandarin ."
Who made Donald Duck cartoons ? Walter Disney .	'Mickey Mouse .
Which of the following is TRUE about the author ? She received food well comfort hard times .	"""She did n't get enough food during her pregnancy ."
What 's the main idea of this passage ? How live happy life .	'How to help the old people .
According to the author , greenspaces should be designed people use conveniently	'to reduce the number of recreative activities
The author realized she was not a learned person when she found n't translated books .	'she could do nothing but read books
According to the research on a large number of dogs , we can know dogs ' ancestors come gray wolves	'dogs mainly lived in Europe and the Far East
If you ca n't get your ideal salary , you can hold	'hold a candle .
When murders and terrorist attacks occur , the police take lot effort try track men	'usually fail to produce results
A certain amount of sunshine helps people stay young because vitamin D may help slow ageing process	'sunshine protects people against heart disease
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? Vegetable Gardening , Worthwhile Activity	'Vegetable Gardening 
It can be known from the passage that when in college the author fond music much	'started to learn playing music
According to the passage , the main reason why young people should be discouraged from becoming actors is already many actors	'actors are very unusual people
Which of the following statements is true ? The flow rate increases first decreases later flow denser .	'James Lighthill is the first expert trying to model traffic flow .
The writer   talks about make ill	'how to keep dirty water clean
By asking a question at the end of the passage , the author welcomes discussions US adaptation Singapore methods	'questions if math education in Singapore is successful
Which of the following movements shows someone is nervous ? Moving around lot normal .	'Keeping the arms to the sides of the body .
Kids today can get more money partly because parents divorce nowadays	'parents always accompany   their kids
At the beginning of the passage , the author implies that      . children would like stop playing Game Boy start	'video games are designed only for boys
"The best title of the passage is ""   Blood Type Personalities"	'Blood Type
The writer accepted Maria 's transfer to unit probably because he thought that would turn good employee	'she was a ruined employee
What can we infer from the passage about the Cultural Revolution ? The Culture Revolution lasted 10 years .	'People were not allowed to speak outside during that time .
It can be inferred from the passage that writer wants tell us something scientific advance	'sea water can act as an air - conditioner
Which of the following is true ? Students go home 3:15 p.m.	'All the children bring lunch from home .
It can be inferred from the passage that two kids also wearing costumes	"'the monster was afraid of the phrase "" trick or treat """
What 's the purpose of the 17-strong team ? To look outbreak Ebola .	'To help cure the infected boy of Ebola .
What is the best title for the passage Push Pause Button	'Discover the Brain Function
From the passage we can learn that humour improves ability communicate	"""a sense of humour can change one 's personality"
The manager knows fresh meat put	'which customers like slow music
After moving to Shanghai , Lu Xun mainly wrote articles government	'stories about government officials
What is the article mainly about ? The ways plants survive cold weather .	"'Why plants are not afraid of the winter chill .', ""Changes in plants ' water transport system in winter ."
The author of the passage probably agrees that 's better grade students ' papers softer color1s .	"""it 's wrong to retire the reds in grading students ' papers ."
Which is least discussed in the passage as , one of the important sides of advertising ? To change way selling buying .	'To inform consumers of new products and services .
The passage mainly talks about history Earth Day	'the importance of Earth Day
Which of the following is TRUE ? The mother told teacher scat meeting .	'The boy knew why his mother got the scar before .
What kind of glasses is the writer 's father wearing in the picture ? Glasses small round - frames .	'Glasses with heavy black frames .
Which condition is NOT true for women to get the money from the group ? She must pay back money lender .	'She must have a child in school in Somalia .
What is Robert Edwards ' contribution to science ? Helping couples infertility tube babies .	'Challenging a disease which stops human having a baby .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Apophis first dangerous asteroid recorded history .	'If Apophis hit the earth 
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Tips handling complaints customers .	'Importance of dealing with customer complaints .
I know my grandfather is kind because gives presents tells stories .	"""he is the head teacher of a boy 's school ."
What can be concluded from the passage ? There single solution problem old .	'Taking care of the old is mainly an issue of money .
Which is the special attraction designed for Chinese people ? Garden Twelve Friends .	'Enchanted Storybook Castle .
Planet English , as described in the passage , popular teachers manage learning experience help CMS	'is attractive to students because it combines English learning with computer games
When and where is the rock music festival held ? 10th 12th , June , Donington Park Derby	'26th~29th August 
The two - word sentences produced by babies meaningful function	"'are simpler than those produced in the "" babbling stage """
According to the author , which of the following statements is NOT true ? The latest diet necessarily better previous ones .	'Our society is flooded with diet commercials .
Who did the experiment ? Two astronauts space shuttle .	'Ted himself .
From the passage we can learn that People different regions speak different dialects .	'English people all speak the same language .
If you want to succeed , you 'd better learn teach	'how to teach others
"In Step 4 of the experiment , why do you pour the water over the spoon "" slowly "" ? It keep liquids mixing together ."	'It pushes the fresh water to the bottom .
What is the text mainly about ? An advertisement Beijing Acrobatic Show .	'How to book acrobatic show tickets .
Which of the following sentence is TRUE ? In US , drunk drivers lose licenses	"""Drunk driving is n't dangerous"
From the text , we learn that many people n't realize importance music	'get along quite well without music
According to the passage , what is the function of fluoride ? Keeping holes teeth forming .	'Making the surface on teeth much cleaner .
That Tom Brokaw and Sam Donaldson are mentioned in the passage is because national TV Harvey Kirk Lloyd Robertson Canadian broadcasting	'they are anchors on national TV
Which of the following is NOTtrue ? In foreign countries women take part tug - - war .	'In foreign countries a tug - of - war match has 16 players .
Which of the following statements is true about customs ? The reasons certain customs may change course history .	'The customs which do not appear practical mean nothing to most people .
Which of the statements would Dr Simon Newell agree to ? To degree , growth charts help parents monitor babies ' weight gain	"""It 's abnormal for babies are smaller than average"
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Carver helped Edison invent electric light .	'Carver never patented what he discovered .
BBC School Report started its first worldwide radio bulletin in     Randfontein High School	'Impala Crescent Primary School
The problem of deciding at what point a baby 's imitation can be considered as speech especially important change takes place gradually	"'is important because words have different meanings for different people', ""is one that should be ignored because children 's use of words is often meaningless"
We can learn from the passenger that    Edmonton Folk Music Festival well organized	"'people can get tickets easily for the festival', ""driving one 's own car to the festival is highly recommended"
We know from the passage that Romina 's father first guide filmmaking	"'Romina has won an Oscar Award', ""Romina 's first movie was a short film"
Parents give their children allowance to learn value money	'let them make more money
Why did the lady leave the restaurant without getting her change ? She wanted give waitress help .	'She wanted to help Joe .
Why did the writer feel happy with the money spent with his family ? Because money went toward something wanted life .	'Because the money is spent on food .
What is the text mainly about ? An unusual species migratory bird	'A new device used to follow birds
Which is NOT true about reading an hour a day ? You 260 hours year read .	'You will read lots of books and get much useful advice .
What is the main idea of this passage ? China need cut emissions near future order keep international community	'China is still resisting cutting emissions as it is necessary for the manufacturing industry .
What can we learn from the passage ? Howard Gardner thinks intelligence includes various factors	'Robert Plomin confirms genes have something in common
What do Emma and Hannah hope to do now ? They hope give money charity .	'They hope to sell more charms .
Why did n't Jenny 's dad buy her a bicycle ? He wanted teach lesson .	'He had just bought Jenny a birthday present .
According to the text , technology can help poor reduce poverty	'solve the problems facing the whole world
What is the passage mainly about ? Cigarette smoking contributes decreased IQ thinking .	'Alcohol abuse is to blame for the poorer mental function .
The purpose of the article is to introduce us readers special national park America , Death Valley	'encourage people to visit Death Valley 
Why can bats hang upside down easily ? Because tendons linked upper body .	'Because their upper body is light .
Which do you think is the best title for this passage ? Tips lifestyle cancer prevention .	'The relation between food and disease .
We can infer from the passage that the husband born blind	"""could n't stand his wife"
Why did John pay the man a lot of money for the bird ? Because thought bird could make mother happy .	'Because it was such a beautiful bird .
We can know from the passage that scientists still research male heart loses cells	'the reason why ageing causes a greater loss to the male heart has been found out
Which of the following is one of the two things the bum tried to teach the writer ? People take away one 's wisdom gained reading .	'Sometimes people can judge a book by its cover .
What is the passage mainly talking about ? The similarities differences social behaviors .	'The same night - out life in all the modern cities .
"What does the "" empty nest "" mean ? Children 's growing leaving home ."	"""Children 's cutting off contact with their parents ."
Tricia Baldwin opposes paid leave because it will add costs business	"""not be enough to relieve the workers ' burden"
"According to the passage , the "" Method "" n't difficult Marlon Brando"	'requires actors to use their imagination in acting
The text is a letter Apple iPhone problems	'to Apple about iPhone 4 problems
From the text , we can learn that if you join the gym , 'll advised pay attention nutrition	"""you 'll lose weight safely but slowly"
The professor started his research by telling teacher five students best class	'asking the five children to find a new teacher
In describing the uniformity in the U.S. the author does not mention that American people less income .	'the American people get up and go to work at the same time .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Dickens ' novels still realistic significance today 's world .	"""Little Dorrit is one of Dickens ' best - known novels ."
The following can not help the blue green algae grow    plentiful water sunshine	'high water temperature
The author holds the following opinions EXCEPT Time waits man	'No rest 
What is the purpose of the author in writing this passage ? To explain unique way studying ocean currents .	"""To call people 's attention to ocean pollution ."
What does the author want to tell the readers ? Snowden fact hypocrite .	"""Snowden 's action started a heated debate ."
The purpose of the passage is to sell four books students .	'show readers how to use the four books
Jessica 's case shows that there is a tendency among U.S. students to choose study overseas	'seek education of higher quality
The little old man cut the plain hamburger in half because wanted share wife	"""he could n't finish eating it with one bite"
Mario succeeded in sitting on his chair finally because friends held	'his friends taught him
In the study , scientists studied people 's daily diet , exercise habit blood pressure	'where chocolate came from
The 21st Century English Training Center is different from the other three schools in that . requires entrance examination	'it is nearest to the city centre
In slow parenting , parents give children freedom think proper	'set limits to what their children do
We can learn from the passage that athletics Ray 's final goal life	'Ray was from an academic family
The last sentence of the passage implies that pepperoni and cheese reduced adding healthier ingredients .	'are necessary ingredients of pizza
"Too much "" doing for "" can help depressed person"	'give the depressed person courage
What 's the best title for this passage ? New Hope Elephants .	'Elephants are dying .
Which did not happen in 1789 ? The national economy developing rapidly .	'The French Revolution broke out .
What is the main idea of the passage ? The number undergraduates Uk decreased due higher fees .	"""The government says undergraduate numbers have ' returned to record levels ' ."
In the author 's opinion , which of the following is TRUE ? We value lifelong potential growth .	"""We ca n't choose to be better ."
Which of the following sentences is NOT true ? Jack n't like summer holiday 's hot .	'Jack and Linda are going to their hometown by train .
The best title for this passage can be Sesame Street	'TV Programs
The writer probably believes that a good boss should respect , praise encourage employees	'praise and award his employees a lot
The writer of the passage tries study lying	'hates lying
The chief purpose of developing GM foods is to feed fast growing population	'make the foods much cheaper
What is mainly discussed in this text ? How desert animals survive deserts .	'Why animals live in deserts .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Where I see ten years ?	'How can I be an excellent teacher ?
When the cannon shot is fired the second time , whole tomato fight	'people start to throw tomatoes
Why does Mrs. Ai say she loves eating fish heads ? Because loves husband children much .	'Because she likes eating them very much .
According to the writer , which is true about finding jobs ? It possible find job even times bad .	'It is always difficult to find a job .
Which of the following topics is not mentioned in the passage ? Watson 's worries .	"""Watson 's interests ."
The most important lesson the boy learned from the incident is that freedom valuable living creature .	"""birds put in a cage wo n't live long"
Which is the best title for the passage ? Not Everyone Wants Challenging Job	'Complex Jobs Offer Growth Opportunities
"The next passage may tell us son real "" good eater """	'how to guide your children to finish all the plates
Which of the following is TRUE about toys given to children ? One two toys time help children concentrate .	'too many toys will help children develop wide interests .
What 's the main purpose of this passage ? To entertain readers story mystery .	"""To warn readers about the dangers of mummies ' curses ."
All the liars in the countryside    wanted marry old man 's daughter	'satisfied the old man
Which of the following is true ? Over long period time , certain conditions , dead trees bodies animals turned petroleum great pressure .	'We can kill animals and plants 
In the writer 's opinion , Bermuda relaxing natural place	'people in Bermuda are living a lazy life
It can be known from the passage that white men Europeans eyes Africans Asians	'all the people think white people are Europeans
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Women Space	'Great Walking in Space
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The new regulations come practice earlier .	'The 2011 outbreak of listeria is the most serious ever .
From the text we know that a spark can burn dry leaves	'fire any leaves
In the passage , the author compares life to     package	'happiness and sadness
This passage may be survey find development cellphones .	'an instruction to some new models of cellphones
What is the passage about ? How writer learned speak English .	"""One of the writer 's best English teachers ."
Which statement is the right ? The transport Beijing fast convenient .	'Beijing is the biggest city of China .
"Jeffries is the name of     . former holder record "" longest care dog '"	'the owner of the dog with the longest ears
What is the main idea of the passage ? Romulus established city Rome .	'The city of Rome had many wolves in the old days .
Which of the following is true ? McCarty family husband children .	'McCarty had to work to help her family after school every day .
What 's the best title for the passage ? No pains , gains	'The bread
"The sentence "" ... a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife "" means that single man financially stable needs wife"	"""a single man without money need n't a wife"
What did the rich boy do finally ? Helped little girl find parents .	'Bought a new mirror .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Wild Siberian Tiger spotted Northeast China .	'The DFB has stepped efforts to protect the tiger .
According to the passage , the four Carl Hayden boys better competition teams	'got a lot of money from their school
What will social networking websites do ? Increase diversity social relations .	'Share the hours of watching television .
What is the text mainly about ? The finding forgotten hero .	'The research into war history .
American music is mixture people music world	'for dancing 
Which of the following is TRUE according to the reform plan ? Students choose best English scores .	'Everyone has to take five tests .
People choose self - tracking because collects personal data leads self - improvements	'it records how many hours you sleep a day
What can we conclude from the difference between a skeptic and a cynic ? Skeptics reasonable cynics pessimistic(opposite optimistic ) .	'Skeptics are reasonable but cynics are too optimistic .
Which is the best title for this passage ? Online Learning	'Salman Khan
From the passage , we can learn that medical experts advise people consult doctors taking vitamin supplements	'never to take any vitamin supplements
"What does the writer mean by saying "" Werde 's words do not come from nowhere "" ? Swift stands singer songwriter ."	'Only Swift writes her own songs .
The writer uses Britain and Italy as examples to show people different countries use different body language	'men and women greet in the same way
The news of Ebola in Guinea is mentioned to introduce topic text	'compare Ebola with cancer
Which of the following is proven wrong by the latest discovery ? When male mice make special sounds females ca n't control sounds .	"""The frequency of mice 's voice is so high that it 's impossible for humans to hear it ."
The passage is mainly about oil runs	'how to run our cars
What would be the best title for the passage ? Is Online Shopping Future E - commerce ?	'The Internet Revolution .
Which of the following can NOT be learned from the passage ? On Tuesday , couple found rescue worker .	'Rescue teams finally failed for lack of necessary clues .
Why did Hollywood movies grow rapidly during World War II ? People could n't travel freely .	'People had more money at that time .
According to the passage , the researchers may agree the best way to influence behavior is rewarding good behavior	'punishing badly - behaved children
Which statement is right according to the passage ? Lofty Mountain Flowing River traditional Chinese music .	'Li Guangxi 
"Which title best expresses the main idea of this passage ? A "" wonder "" material"	'Asbestos mined in Canada
Members of Back on My Feet must      . attend group runs	'run on weekends
In James Hoarley 's opinion , using others ' Internet service stealing .	"'Internet service should be improved .', ""it is hard to secure one 's wireless connection ."
According to the passage , which of the following statements is true ? Czar Nicholas sympathetic judges .	'The judges were less sympathetic than Czar Nicholas .
What 's the purpose of some special university student - help courses ? To help students reduce test anxiety .	'To show a stress level experienced by students .
Teens should learn to deal with peer pressure mainly because influence even grown	'learning to deal with it can help them get along well with others
Somali pirates do the following things except that kill hostages	'they hold the ships with crew
Why is Angela Merkel willing to take in refugees according to the passage ? Refugees make shortage labor Germany .	'Birth rates in Germany are the lowest in history .
By using Michael Shara 's words , the author intends to stress great contribution Einstein made modern world	"""give high praise to Einstein 's important publications"
The lawyer tried to persuade the lady to play the game because he knew could win	'wanted to have fun with the lady
From the passage we can learn that young people seem know little danger overexposure sun	'skin cancer is incurable
The author 's main purpose of writing the passage is to advise shoppers make proper decision shopping	'to buy ordinary items instead of famous brands
The writer wrote this passage to tell us live easier life high school	'advise us to study hard in high school
The reason why Fred Michel began to moonlight is that feared would lose present job one day	'he found it exciting to do a part - time job
This passage is most probably      . newspaper article	'taken from a text book
According to the passage , stores are trying to attract families back to the dinner table by the following ways EXCEPT helping housewives prepare meals home .	'telling the parents the disadvantages of having dinner separately .
What can you probably see in the flight according to the passage ? Germans chat kill time .	'Americans do in - flight shopping .
Which of the following shows the similarity between Museum Day and Free Night of Theater ? They take place year .	'The same number of free tickets is given away .
What is the passage mainly about ? Several inventions named inventors .	'Several inventions that were invented by blind inventors .
Who can get a Presidential Physical Fitness Award ? Students get scores 85 percent activities .	'Students who finish all the activities .
Why do people have to pay some money each year ? Some TV channels free .	'All of the TV channels are free
We can infer from the passage that Blunt changed father 's attitude towards music	'Blunt is living in Los Angeles at present
Which of the following is NOT the reason why Lang Lang is the No.1 Chinese classical artist in the world ? He many 5 billions fans China .	"'He played in the Beijing Olympic opening ceremony last summer .', ""He is the first Chinese pianist to play with the world 's top orchestras ."
Mr. Read is Wang Fei 's English teacher	"""Tony 's Chinese teacher"
According to the article , Miyazake 's films likely demonstrate environmental protection anti - war themes	'are likely to use hand - drawn technique and redrawn abstract frames
According to the writer , students in New York City 's public schools will enjoy e - mail service near future	'make money by selling ads on websites
The main idea of the passage is that high cost tuition medical schools one reason high cost medical care USA	"""a visit to a doctor 's office may cost much in the USA"
A long time ago , some people in the United States wanted know fruits vegetables	"""did n't know when to eat fruits"
This text is mainly about something Qixi Valentine 's Day	'two moving romantic stories
By quoting one Twit from San Francisco , the author implies that like , Twitter accepted people	"""if one does n't like Twitter "
What is the best title of the text ? Good turn pay - - forward coffee	'My experience in the coffee shop
The passage is intended to give us brief introduction Arthur Miller 's life	"""introduce Arthur Miller 's plays"
What can we learn from the passage ? In 1957 , Audrey Hepburn another success Funny Face .	'Audrey Hepburn was born into a poor family .
What Susan Traiman said means that nation encourage men develop skills future	'the nation should prevent the women from receiving further education
What can we learn from the passage ? The words public interest advertisements mostly emotional .	'Public interest advertising encourages people to buy goods .
The best title for this passage would be Women demonstrate equality employment	'The role of women in society
Which sentence is true ? The coin n't bring good luck Fred .	'The coin brought Fred good luck .
The writer quoted Peter Braude to comment achievement	'show how difficult it was for Edwards to do his work
According to Harry Patrinos , the key to successful school systems is improve teachers ' abilities give schools free performance right	'to give autonomy to all teachers to educate students freely in class
Which of the following statements is not mentioned in the passage ? Everything earth float away 's gravity .	'It takes seven hours to travel from London to New York .
Which of the following CANNOT be learned from the passage ? Students commit crimes computers .	'Many students are often absent from classes .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text ? Business people advertisers use psychology people 's spending habits increase sales .	'People spend money for exactly the same reason that they need to buy things .
John 's mother thinks chocolates bad John 's teeth	"""John 's teeth are bad"
The passage mainly talks about people willing keep black cats pets	'why black cats are popular in movies
From the passage we can conclude that learning treat dogs hot business Beijing	'there are many different kinds of dogs from all over the world in Beijing
In the author 's opinion , which of the following is the most likely to bring people true happiness ? Visiting loved ones long one time .	'Getting an ice cream every day .
Which facial signal can cause you to lose an opportunity of being employed ? Touching mouth occasionally .	'A natural smile .
What is the real concern of the writer of this article ? The human unawareness technical problems .	'The major causes of traffic accidents and car thefts .
By writing this passage , the author tries to explain discomfort good us	'criticize a world full of comfort
Where can you go if you want your windsurfer 's dream to come true ? South Padre .	'Barton Springs .
Which of the following is Not the characteristic of workaholics ? They often drink lot always get drunk work .	"'They often deal with their work in a disorganized way .', ""They ca n't balance their work with family life well ."
What would be the best title for this passage ? How English children celebrate birthdays	'How birthdays are celebrated in the world
We can know from the passage that Many teenagers wanted act role Pi	'Sharma wanted to become a mathematician
Why was Harlow 's monkey work important ? Because Harlow 's work changed people 's former belief child care .	"'Because the "" no touch ', ' no comfort "" policy toward children was quite right .', ""Because parents were advised not to respond to babies ' crying ."
Which of the following is not true ? The Louvre taken enemies 1190 .	'The Louvre used to be a fort a very long time ago .
Which statement is NOT TRUE about Peter ? If people know star wearing wig , Peter happy .	'Peter Owen has made wigs for lots of movies .
It can be inferred from the passage that people known high heels bad health years	"'people got to know the high heels are bad for health recently', ""people have n't known the high heels are bad for health yet"
According to the passage , it is possible that prehistoric people moved stones simple wooden tools	'spent many hours building the stone circle
The author advises dividing activity into shorter exercise breaks because people usually n't much time exercise	"""exercising for a long time is bad for people 's health"
If you are interested in aliens , you can watch E.T.	'The Time Machine
Which of NOT the worry of the American film industry according to the passage ? Lack advertisement funds	'Theater - chain bankruptcy
When will Mr Smith get to Toronto ? At quarter past five afternoon , July 23rd .	'At a quarter to five in the afternoon 
When Gladys Holm became a millionaire , still lived way	'she spent most of the money on nice presents and things
What does the writer think is the best way to take notes ? By taking notes hand .	'By taking pictures of the words that teachers write .
How did Mira know the lights confused the turtles ? Her grandmother told .	'She learned about the turtles at school .
Which of the following might be the best title for this passage ? Dream job China--$55,000 contemporary Marco Polo	'Hangzhou rewards international visitors to China
Which is true about the actors and actresses in Skyfall ? Many achieved lot acting .	'They have played in all the films of the 007 series .
Which is NOT right below about the stone lions in front of the gates of the old houses ? If someone puts pair stone lions front gate , must lot babies .	'The male lion is on the left with his right paw on a ball .
This story is told from the point of view of Nilda	'Chatita
What was the cat 's meal ? The young mouse .	"""The mouse 's parents ."
What is the article mainly about ? Changes American lifestyle .	"'The interpretation of "" the American dream "" ."
Why can you have a terrible headache while visiting these places ? Because many places visit .	"""Because you do n't like these places"
The author concludes that for the first decade or more , there was not yet a true railroad system because lines   ly short usually linked	'passenger cars were not stable 
From the study , we know that level cortisol determines stressed person	'the 61 girls were divided into two groups in the research
Stacy DeBroff advised parents to develop style parenting	'seek a better future for their children
What can be inferred from the passage ? People walk quickly shake hands firmly lower death rate .	'People with the strongest hand grasp are more outgoing .
The main purpose of the passage is to     suggest achieve fairness	'declare the importance of fairness
Which could be inferred    from this passage ? Sam learned Hawaii travelling .	'Sam hated chatting about baseball .
Which option is not the advantage of RX1E according to the passage ? RX1E big size , thus serve multiple purposes .	'RX1E can utilize different energy source to power the engine .
What does the writer try to tell us in the last two sentences ? English important using Internet .	'The Internet is more and more popular .
Which following is NOT true ? The writer found name girl back old photo .	"""The policeman took down the writer 's name and address ."
Which is right ? His sister homework .	'Val is not polite and he has no friends .
What does the above text mainly talk about ? Whether take milk school - lunch menu .	'The best way to get the most calcium .
Which of the following is NOT true ? The customer looks like / actually wearing clothes using technology .	'The virtual fitting room was invented in Russia .
According to the passage , online schooling helpful students living remote regions	'allows students to work together
As soon as he found his father had a seizure , Patrick managed take control car	'told his sister not to worry
The reasons for Ashley 's dislike of Will are as follows except Ashley often spilled milk floor .	'Will often picked fights with Ashley .
Which one is NOT right according to the article ? No matter , eating fast food restaurant bad us .	'Fast food is not good for our health .
According to the passage , when did people begin to celebrate birthdays ? After right way marking time .	'When they learned that no one could stop time .
What 's the best title of the passage?[:Zxxk . Com ] Jeremy 's empty egg	'Disabled Jeremy
Which of the following about carbon monoxide poisoning is true ? People poor health may severe consequences .	'Young people are more severely affected than old people .
From the passage we can infer that    less half Sydney parents think children happy expect	"'Three quarters of Sydney parents think children may have emotional problems', ""Most Sydney parents think family finances are the only factor that impact children 's childhood"
What can we infer from the passage ? The Deckers great pressure pay medical bills .	"""Mrs. Decker 's brave deed is thought highly of ."
What does Paragraph 2 talk about ? Tips making schedule .	'Significance of a scientific timetable .
As is meant by the author , thorns of a rose add new element image love	'protect the rose from harm
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? In way , Item 77281 user - friendly .	'In fact 
Which of the following statement is NOT true ? Tourists spending continued increasing .	'The figure of tourists to Hong Kong was 10.4 million in 1997 .
"The author 's book "" Buddy Booby 's Birthmark "" made difference readers"	'was the first book about birthmarks
Why are UK children given more pocket money than before ? There fewer children British family .	'Their parents earn more money .
Who ca n't apply for a New York Public Library card for free ? Those travel New York .	'Those who work in New York .
The best title for this passage would be Apophis Asteroid , Possible Destroyer Earth	'Apophis 
What do you learn about Douglas from the passage ? His family rich .	'He liked drawing hands
Children who see real violence on TV news programs sometimes upset scared	'change the channel to watch other programs
The Edmonton Folk Music Festival is held mainly to     remind people real sense folk music .	'gather people with different musical tastes .
The courses includes reading , writing , maths science , also yoga , cooking knitting , kitemaking , music , fishing , drama environmental river studies	'yoga 
The two books are unique because it involves the following EXCEPT creativity Chinese people	'the academic value of Chinglish
The auther turned back to help old lady cross road	'keep the old lady safe
What can we learn about the German Railway Museum ? It covers history railways Germany .	'It is the oldest railway museum in Europe .
It can be inferred from the text that There two chances scientists make better observations ca n't grasp chance next year .	'Hollywood producers will explode Apophis to avoid its hit .
Adam Smith saw that the division of labor increased possible output per worker	'enabled each worker to design pins more quickly
Parents with large families ask fewer questions at dinner because busy keeping order dinner table	'they are busy serving food to their children
To restore the quake - hit ecosystem , government should protect environment without harming locals ' interests	'forbid locals from taking firewood from the mountainside
What can be inferred from the passage ? Parents sometimes trouble directing children - line games .	'A lot of Chinese netizens suffer Internet addition .
Which is the best title for the passage ? An Introduction Newspapers	'Production of Newspapers
Which of the following is TURE according to the passage ? My education become narrow high school .	'A 13-year - old girl could also read 34 books in one year .
Which of the following statements about Australia is wrong ? Australia prefers live downtown big cities .	'Australians are a suburban people
What can we learn from the text ? Steve Turner speaks highly Hamad .	"'Hamad prefers maths to painting .', ""Hamad 's works will be sold after the show ."
What is the text mainly about ? Alice Munro writing style	'Alice Munro and her hometown
Which of the following festivals ca n't be celebrated at the end of February ? Harbin Ice Snow Festival .	'Sundance Film Festival .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? It easy make decision second child .	'Many couples in Japan love to have large families .
In the writer 's opinion , patience best medicine suffering	'human desires will easily be filled
We can conclude from the passage that climate change everyone 's business	"'water is becoming rare because of rising temperatures', ""fetching water takes up Mathilda 's half of studying time"
With the distance - learning program , Arizona State University is able to keep costs without loss quality	'enroll 40 % of its students online
Which of the following statements is True about Milan ? The city 's La Scala opera house offer additional performances 2015 .	"'It is the largest city in Italy and has the longest history .', ""It is hosting the world 's largest Fashion Week in 2015 ."
When there are no stimuli , a dog will wag left	'wag to the right
What can we learn from the passage ? Van Gogh n't become famous dies .	'Van Gogh sold many paintings in his life .
Sandwich was the name man lot money	'poor man who lived on playing cards
It can be inferred according to the text that author Edwards hold similar ideas	'every happy home is the same
Which   of   the   following   statements   is   true   according   to   this   passage ? Red make people active blue .	'Scientists like warm colours better than cool colours .
If your job applications are being swallowed up , it means that receive reply company	'your job applications are under consideration
Which of the following statements would the author agree with ? There long way music industry go fighting piracy .	'The only effective way to fight music piracy is to stop it by law .
What is the film Damien Dematra produced mainly about ? Mr. Obama 's friends young Indonesia .	'The political views of Obama from his childhood .
Americans like to fast food restaurant because busy want spend time preparing waiting	'they can easily find fast food restaurant
What is the structure of the passage ? Fact - spyware -solution- registry problem - solution	'Fact - registry problem - solution - spyware - solution
There are many mountains in Wales , Scotland Northern Ireland	'Northern Ireland 
Which of the following do you think the author would most probably agree with ? Shopping online advanced consumers ' debt increase way .	'many items are piled up in the room corner because they are out of date .
This passage mainly tells us about two kinds parties southern United States	'how to arrange a birthday party
"The first sentence "" Asian athletes have had a spare time in the first two days ... "" means ""   Asian athletes n't achievements first two days"	'Asian athletes can do things at their will in the first two days
This article mostly deals with importance seat belt use	'different forms of seat belts
What 's the best title of the passage ? Why I love work teacher	'How to build a good relationship with students
The housekeepers who were told their work would keep them fit lost weight enjoyed better health	'found it hard to finish their work on time
Scientists have done an experiment on a dark - striped zebrafish in order to prove humans ' skin color1 similar zebrafish formation	"""find the different genes of humans '"
Why do some young Shanghainese show great interest in Christmas ? They want follow - - date western fashions .	"'They think themselves connected with Christmas celebrations .', ""They think Christmas is more important than New Year 's Day ."
Which ONE argument of the following is stated in the passage ? Not penguins behave way .	'Penguins are harder to research when they have young .
According to Professor Smailagic , the detector will show whether mobile phone user busy	'where the mobile phone is
According to the report , the future assembly work will be done by Robots	'people who design
Which of the following is not the promise that China will keep to the world ? Marco Polo 's stories await athletes , spectators worldwide television audience .	'Whoever takes part in the Beijing Olympic Games will have a great time in Beijing .
Which is the only position that has a formal educational requirement ? University Positions University Bristol .	"""Teaching Assistant at Hania 's Playschool ."
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Meditation classes added attract customers .	'Some yoga instructors will lose their jobs in the hard times .
The silicon chip is mentioned in the passage to compare effects two kinds tools	'show the changes of tools
That scientists study the history of large earthquakes in certain areas is to ultimately forecast possibilities similar earthquakes	'do research on the past frequency of large earthquakes
The discovery shows that Westerners     pay equal attention eyes mouth	'consider facial expressions universally reliable
An English friend does n't invite you to his or her dinner , which n't mean n't like	"""means he or she does n't like you"
"By writing this article , the author mainly intends to show despite better education,""ants "" still struggling"	'better education 
We can learn from the passage that whooping cranes     . increasing past 15 years	'are the tallest birds in the world
What is the most important thing of taking a staycation ? Spending quality time family .	'Letting your kids learn about nature .
The writer could n't find a job in Dixon because pass interview	'he had played high school football
The mother shook her head because found n't take enough money .	"""she thought the toy was n't worth the money ."
In the author 's opinion , she allows public making certain occasions	'feels comfortable when making up in public
According to the text , Houston born gospel singer family	'released her famous album at the age of 15
John went to the big company to ask job	'look for his mother
What should the author do when others seek help from her ? Try tell run lives .	'Remind them to pay back her money in time .
We can learn that the Dutch Child Protection Board cares Laura 's safety	'will train Laura for two months
Jack Andraka 's research on pancreatic cancer proved successful	'was 100 times cheaper than other tests
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? You increase happiness levels attending classes Happiness Institute .	"'Most of us are happier than our parents or grandparents since we earn more .', ""Earning US$ 100 more than your wife 's sister 's husband if you want to be happy ."
Why do foreign kids want to learn Chinese ? Because China becoming important world .	'Because Chinese is getting more important in their schools .
The basic reason why so many people die from air pollution is that    diesel soot roots lungs gets blood	'the diesel soot is too small to be seen
What does the writer intend to tell us in the passage ? Body language confusing different cultures .	'Most body language means the same in different cultures .
What would be the best title for this passage ? A great inventor , Steve Jobs	"""Steve Jobs ' death"
The Wild Network was started to encourage children spend time outdoors	'encourage children to play with their parents outdoors
The passage tells us    feel unhappy	'we can do nothing when we feel bad .
From what Joshua Bamfield said , it can be inferred that Britain 's social problem shop theft came varieties sides	"""it 's the highest level of criminality that caused Britain 's social problem"
What can be inferred from the passage ? Only children difficulty attending parents .	"""It 's normal to see the imperfection in character in only children ."
From the passage , you know the following volunteer jobs can be done at school except helping student copy others ' homework	'helping students who come from poor families
Which of the following is the reason for the increasing private healthcare ? It 's convenient people go NHS healthcare .	'People are paying more attention to their own health .
The passage tells us that shape furniture may affect people 's feelings	"""lower ceilings may help improve students ' creativity"
Which of the following is RIGHT according to the passage ? Lacking experience , person writes release may make mistakes .	'A news release is more important than any other medium .
Why did the father ask his son to put the perch back ? Because ethics must obeyed .	'Because the father disliked the perch .
"The babies would "" smile and speak "" at the lights because succeeded "" turning "" lights"	'the sight of lights was interesting
The main idea of the passage is to show Linus Pauling 's contributions world	"""Linus Pauling 's attitude towards nuclear weapons"
Life on Mars will be better than life on the earth because space less work	'only a few people will live there
Which is TRUE according to the passage ? There one child Bob 's family .	"'Scrooge died the next year .', ""Bob 's son "
WhichisNOTtrueaccordingtothepassage Drug manufacturers get investment money back	"'Adam looks like a car', ""Adam 's success led to the creation of Eve"
What fact does n't the passage mention   ? The Symi 's way n't work dry places .	'New ways of getting fresh water .
What is the great concern over the DNA database according to the article ? It would threaten people 's individual privacy rights .	'Some people might make use of it to make money .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Gene researchers work flood - resistant rice	'Rice research is going on in LaosandIndia
The study by Alexander and Hines shows that monkeys    also sex typical toy preference	'also play toys as humans do
According to the writer , which of the following is to blame for the story about the hoax ? The Fox television program .	"""NASA 's publicity campaign ."
What is the ultimate title of wrestling ? The champion Olympics .	'Having wrestling leagues .
What can we know from the last sentence ? Time limited eat car .	'Fast food is not delicious .
What can we learn about the middle class families from the text ? They try best send kids college .	'They blamed the government for the tuition increase .
What helped Yoshiyuki Morioka come up with the idea ? The experience organizing book readings .	'The practice he used to select books .
People from different cultures have different ideas about Easter egg , In American , children believe eggs hidden Easter bunny	'In both American and Belgium 
What did the boy probably write in his composition ? The unforgettable time spent father .	'The story of his father as an astronaut .
From the passage we can learn that few girls enter the STEM fields partly because widespread prejudice girls	'few STEM boys like to study with girls
Which gate in Pingyao city stands for the head of the turtle ? The gate south .	'The gate on the north .
How should we make choices ? To choose based 's best .	'To be interested in a richer 
Which of the following statements is TRUE about folk medicine ? It keeps one healthy using medicines taken plants herbs .	'It can treat most kinds of diseases for both man and animals .
What can we learn from the passage ? Robby 's aunt regretted bringing Robby home .	"'Robby was old enough ', "" but still could n't speak ."
What 's the best title for the article ? An unforgettable lesson .	'An easy exam .
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? In Chinese culture , people show welcome serving lots food .	"'The "" eating up "" campaign was first promoted by 10 restaurants ."
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Jan works web sections like Writer 's Support Room Writing Tips .	"'Jan fields is now working for magazines like Scheduled Events ', "" and Writer 's Retreat ."
Which one of the following is WRONG according to this passage ? Two Chinese astronauts walked space 2003 .	'China sent its first manned spacecraft in October of 2003 .
"Why does the writer say "" Make as many mistakes as possible""?Because making mistakes must making progress learning English"	'everyone will make mistakes in learning English
John wanted to stop his job in his company because thought boss n't take hard work seriously	'Bobby was promoted but he was not
What is said about the average American in the passage ? They usually ignore effect exercise losing weight .	"'They tend to hate "" light "" beer and low - calorie bread ."
What does the sentence ' We should have done this before ' mean ? We n't catch big fish .	'We have caught a big fish before .
Who first made Niagara Falls connected with being a honeymoon destination ? Theodosia Burr , daughter Aaron Burr .	'Vice President Aaron Burr .
Why is the air pollution in Milan so serious ? Because city lies place difficult polluted air move away .	'Because too many cars are being driven in the city every day .
What is the major difficulty in carrying out the plan ? Improving relationship Taiwan mainland .	'The detailed plans for the tunnel .
Which of the following would Dave Smithson probably agree with ? Fear completely bad thing .	'There is nothing to fear except fear itself .
In the passage the writer wants to tell us ideas moon changed time	'why people are interested in the moon
From the text , we know The waitress restaurant remind driver drink	'More and more drivers are drinking alcohol nowadays
How much should a child pay to go into Peace Park ? Ten yuan .	'Five yuan .
At that party arranged   for Joan , probably Joan moved   Dickey	'Dickey got up and danced with her
The best title for this passage should be Winter - Swimming-----A Craze   Beijing	'People in Beijing Like Swimming in Winter
What does this text mainly talk about ? Skiing new way enjoying one 's spare time .	'Things to be considered when starting a ski resort .
Which of the following is a suggestion by the researchers ? Entertainment media use high - quality content .	'Media use time for babies under 2 should be limited .
In fact , most dishes in Ghana hard	'have fufu in them
The advertisement is intended for people whose children like fishing	'children who are below 11 years old
The police in Colombia did n't help the police in Venezuela to catch the thief because man 's crime crime Colombia	"""the police in Venezuela did n't ask for help"
Students in Oberlin College can pay less containers	'grow their own food on campus
From the passage we know that teacher ever run Kyle except author .	'the author left her family to Florida because jobs were hard to come by in Indiana .
Which is NOT the proper effect of the result of research by Jasper Been ? Hospital care premature babies asthma cheaper .	'People would accept the laws on smoking bans in public places .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Blackie sing .	"'They get to school at 7:15 .', ""Blackie relaxes under Sam 's chair ."
Which one is RIGHT    ? Mary likes reading magazines library .	'Mary goes to school from Monday to Saturday .
What can be inferred from the passage ? $ 100,000 satisfying pay grads .	"'It is the first time that Forbes has done a survey of this kind .', ""Biology degrees were once hot for those master 's degree pursuers ."
why did the circle stop when it rolled quickly ? Because wanted enjoy world	'Because it found a different world
You will fail to find any information at Christmas when you need fun Advent Calendars	'Christmas cards
What does writer look like ? She long straight blond hair	'is tall and has dark hair
Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? Nowadays Inuit still difficult living conditions .	'The Canadian flag I stwice as wide as its length .
Before the author and his wife went on a trip to Turkey , they were told that easy drive Turkey	'it was difficult to travel in Turkey
While climbing , Mark . pushed T - bar pulled	'carried the T - bar on his back and stepped upward
What did the elephants do when they saw the baby ? They helped protect flies .	'they woke up the baby by pulling branches .
The date of publication must be noticed because writers travel books may different	'the prices of travel books may be different
Which of the following is RIGHT about Amaya according to the passage ? She familiar work much .	'She is an operations manager 
The Stock Exchange makes it possible for the government , local organizations and nationalized industries raise money finance new development	'to make certain everybody saves money
What 's the purpose of the study that was carried out by Glass and her partners ? To study cigarette smoking cause cognitive deficits among alcoholics .	'To show that smoking and drinking has much connection with IQ and thinking ability .
According to the writer , in the beginning , IP rights were mainly of use to engineers inventors	'those creating music 
We can learn form this passage that author 's mother satisfied gift basket	"""the author 's mother likes going shopping alone"
What is special about Latitude Festival ? It attractive joyful many families .	'It is one of the best folk festivals in the UK .
What the designers of the concept car need to do at the Auto Show is show unique idea complete freedom	'to test the safety of the concept car
Which is Not suitable for the passage ? The writer went America protect environment .	'Americans show humour in a different way from China .
SAT exams will be less required in 2016 with the purpose of testing students better knowledge skills 've learnt	'getting more students interested in the entrance exam
What is important if you raise rabbits ? Each rabbit must given separate room .	'Holes are needed for waste to drop through .
How is the correct time order for different states to join the U.S. ? Kentucky - Texas - California - Utah	'California - Utah -- Texas - Kentucky
Some families eat less together because people busy work	'most children live in a school
According to the passage , why did the policeman shot the donkey ? Because thought best way stop donkey suffering .	'Because he wanted Farmer Joe to keep silent about the accident .
Rebecca likes climbing probably because dad great influence	'she likes making up mountain songs
From the passage , we can learn that feeling needed helped troubled kids change lot	'kids were free to do any actives they liked in the group home
What can we infer from the text ? The Moore 's proposal might approved .	"'Moore has gone through tornado 4 times in total .', ""Chapman Henderson is Moore 's mayor ."
Judson Laipply became popular put funny dance video YouTube	'because he wanted to make more dance videos for the website
"By saying "" You 'll finally know your grammar backwards and forwards "" , the writer means ""   You clearly familiar grammar"	'You will know the history of grammar
The writer thought hard deal relationship study work	'doing a part - time job was unnecessary
What would be the best title for this passage ? Holiday Shopping Season US .	'Thanksgiving Day Shopping .
The author 's purpose in writing this article is to give introduction Milan good choice traveling	'tell readers about the theme and activities of the 2015 Milan Expo
It can be inferred from the text that fax machine invented 1980s	'the fax service had been fully developed by the 1980s
Alexander and Hines carried out the study to     find boys girls prefer different toys	'test the intelligence of monkeys
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To show link negative childhood experiences wellbeing adulthood .	'To show how to improve wellbeing in midlife .
The thief stole the basket instead of the money in it because he thought basket valuable money	'the money was of no value
In Cranberry World tourists can taste various cranberry products .	'harvest cranberries by yourself .
How is the way an eagle blinks   different from the way you blink ? An eagle moves top bottom eyelids .	'An eagle moves its bottom eyelid .
What is the purpose of this passage ? Introduce new opinions relationship trees carbon dioxide .	'Call on people to plant more trees to reduce greenhouse gases .
We can infer that in the past the writer close relationship mother	"""did n't know her mother quite well"
Women pack too much on holiday because afraid 'll need holiday	'they want to show off their items
Lisa in this passage is the name of female lion	'a male lion
"Which of the following is right according to the text ? In 19th century , doctors realized importance anatomy    development 
 medicine ."	'The doctors of the ancient times liked to collect as many skeletons as possible
Which is the best title of the passage ? Why ca n't I sleep weekends anymore ?	"""Why ca n't I catch up on my sleep ?"
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Lisa getting weaker weaker .	"'Lisa got mad when she saw her son in danger .', ""Lisa opened her mouth and bit into the boa 's back ."
Which of the following is NOT true about the writer in the passage ? He disliked job Montgomery Ward .	'He got a good job in Davenport 
It can be inferred that author suffered cancer	'Lemon - Aide had suffered from cancer
What is the purpose of the author 's writing this article ? To warn us give pets human foods like .	'To tell children never to give candy 
Which of the following statements about monkeys'face patterns is TURE according to the article ? Monkeys living smaller groups usually simpler , plainer face patterns .	'Larger monkeys have more complex face color patterns .
David had n't gone fishing for a long time because busy	"""he did n't like fishing"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? One n't return book fixed time .	'Public bookshelves are only put in big cities .
"Where did Shakespeare write""Hamlet""and""Romeo and Juliet ? "" The passage n't say ."	'In a house in the center of Stratford .
According to the passage , the writer may probably think that becoming adult long process becoming learned self - assured	'nobody can be called an adult
What can be inferred from the passage ? Washoe may communicate chimps signing .	'The ASL project was first set up in Africa for the study on Washoe .
Why do the dolphins jump out of the water when they hear a whistle noise ? Because want get fish prize .	'Because they want to play with other dolphins .
What will probably be talked about in the following part ? How ants choose leader .	'How ants work in their societies .
According to the passage , water - based   recreation demands that The water attractive high quality	'The water contain a higher level of oxygen
"Which of the following statements is NOT true ? All producers claim products "" state art "" nowadays ."	'Since the computer revolution 
Which of the following is the most suitable title for this passage ? The Happy Whitewasher	'Tom And His Fellows
From the passage we know the high postage made people try best avoid   paying	'People never send each other letters
A true winner appear proud	'have many goals
It is a must that a Disaster Master knows use disaster emergency kit	'when a natural disaster will come
The bones in a bird 's neck are many human 's neck	"""as big as in a human 's neck"
Which of the following is NOT True according to the passage ? The girls obey rules live White House .	'The girls must do their chores though there might be lots of help around .
Many kids did n't dare to go into Mr. Dawson 's yard to pick a sweet apple because afraid punished Mr. Dawson	"""Mr. Dawson did n't like kids"
The 80/20 rule shows the fact that small group may great power	'the majority of people are powerless
What can we infer from the passage ? The Soviet Union sent total 9 space stations space 1970s 1980s .	'Astronauts can never have a chance to eat fresh food when they live in space station .
Many years later , the son became successful man	'was told his father was still healthy
What would be the best title for the passage ? The Arapahoe teen rescue patrol	'What qualities make a good patrol member ?
What is the best title for this passage ? Possible Ways Problem - solving	"""Six Stages for Repairing Sam 's Bicycle"
From the passage we can infer that      Susan Greenfield 's warnings brought wide public attention	"""Baroness Tarot agrees websites cause small children 's small attention span"
Which of the following statements is not true ? Swissair Jetliner Flight 111 crashed landing .	"""There were over 264 people aboard China Airlines ' Flight 140 ."
What ' s the passage mainly about ? Kids sell lemonade raise money fight cancer .	'Kids have a good time in selling lemonade .
In recent years role men women begun change	'young couples refuse the traditional relationship
By writing the article , the writer tries to draw attention Internet jargons	'explain some Internet jargons
""" Post Paid "" means money paid stamp"	'the Post Office is the place to buy stamps
"When Dennis said "" Hungry for chocolate soup ? "" , he was to laugh writer"	'give his eggs to the writer
Which of the following is TRUE ? Han Han 's father writer 's grandfather sat bench .	"'Han Han is a beautiful girl with long hair .', ""Han Han 's grandfather likes walking in the park ."
From the passage , we can infer that images TV also affect people even cause problems	'to help them overcome these problems 
Does hair easy to see ? Yes , almost	'No 
According to the writer , war must ended man wants survive	'war is the only way to solve international arguments
According to Carol Ann Rinzler , skipping meals will cause become fatter	'help you lose weight fast
Which of the following is true of Aadamiga Somalia ? It offered help Somalia since 1987 .	'It alls on every ethnicity and race to help Somalia .
We can know from the passage that children need bodily care also mental care .	'There will be more and more leftover children in the future .
Which is NOT TRUE about the Netherlands ? China Netherlands neighouring countries long time .	'Keukenhof garden is famous for tulips .
"The reason why NASA called Kepler-452b "" Earth 2.0 "" is that 's first planet discovered habitable zone G star similar sun"	"'it is 5 percent farther away from its star than Earth is to the sun', ""it has a mass about five times more massive than Earth 's"
What plays an important part in the spreading of American culture in Spain ? Hollywood movies .	'American novels .
According to the passage , pressure    Is beneficial many people	'Is always the subject of life milestones
Why are Anne and Gilbert enemies ? Because competitors school	"""they did n't like each other"
We can know from the passage that author might regret failed idea	'the boss thought the idea was suitable for the author
What can we know about Philip 's death ? The murder might organized group people .	'Alexander sent someone who hated Philip to kill him .
The news about health tells us that    women 's heart disease something drinking coffee .	"""no heart disease will be found if people do n't drink coffee"
What is the author 's purpose in writing the text ? To show shortage girls engineering .	'To introduce some famous girl engineers .
It can be learned that the carpenter was willing help others	'fond of building bridges
According to the scientists , evidence mobile phones cause illness people	"'the more people use mobile phones ', "" the healthier they 'll be"
The report from The New York Times suggests that A millisecond really makes difference Internet users .	'A millisecond is one thousandth of a second .
The passage mainly encourages us to learn history	'understand the importance of history
What do we know about the author ? She n't think judge man personally .	"""She did n't like to help the man at first ."
From the passage we can learn that in the middle of the 20thcentury cycling popular world .	'many Americans enjoyed cycling
Socrates shared with Confucius the idea that purpose man seek freedom wisdom	'all men were equal when they were born
According to the author , in cloning a lost child parents expect much copy	'lose the talents of the lost child
The passage is taken most probably from magazine newspaper	'a notice sent out by the Ministry of Health
According to Bill Bank , 's better young blacks find role models close	'young blacks should not be so much influenced by Obama
"What can you see in the "" Before and After "" photo album ? The dolls repairs ."	'The past and present of the Hospital .
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE according to this passage ? The used buses running diesel replaced electric vehicles .	"""London 's air quality will be improved in the near future ."
According to the text , Roadpost probably is company rents cell phones Americans going abroad	'an organization that offers some free services
What are the signs of mental health ? Living independent life good friends family .	'Living an independent life and suffer from hardships .
What was Manchester like in the past ? A city full factories	'A small and dull city .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Lee Se - dol convinced would finally win match series started .	'Only people in South Korea pay attention to the match between Lee and AlphaGo .
My Spanish friends wanted advice about finding places stay inEngland	'learning English
What did Mr. Brown do during the class ? He taught dogs skills .	'He fed dogs .
The advantages of building a windbreak are as follows except providing humans shade sun	'keeping the wind from destroying grain crops
Alfred 's problem in his backbone made impossible move freely	'made him have fewer friends than others
The real reason why the beggar got only five gold pieces is that miserly	'he complained and cursed the king again and again
"What can we know from "" See if you can find a problem . "" ? Perhaps friendship problem ."	'You are always late when you and your friend plan to go out .
Does everyone like to travel by plane ? No , everyone .	'No 
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ?     Children born younger fathers attractive looks born older fathers difference grows age gap	"'Aging is the cause of genetic mutations', ""Mothers have less effect on their children 's appearance than fathers"
What 's the main task of IARC ? To evaluate air quality .	'To focus on cancer - causing substances .
Babies who watched 60 minutes of TV daily had lower developmental scores perhaps because little communication parents	'they watch non - educational programs
The items which can be bought back do n't include workbooks markings	'textbooks with markings
The cause of the differences between the new economy and the old economy is use Internet	"""the change of people 's idea"
Which of the following is TRUE ? Many Chinese still trouble current dramatically rising prices .	'More mainland Chinese travel to Hong Kong to avoid the financial pressure .
Which of the following sentences is right ? All products sold Canada must , law , labels instructions English French .	'English is the only official language 
We can infer from the passage that Edna may rich lady willing something others	'Yao Ming donated US$ 300
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Wearing wrong glasses may harm children 's eyes .	'Eating too many carrots can cause night blindness .
Many measures are taken to protect the turtles except    slowing development Miami	'founding the sea turtle patrol
What is the best title of the passage ? Films fashion .	"""Stars ' fashion ."
According to the passage , the author thinks telephone annoying	'thinks the telephone should go out of our life
What is ARICEPT ? A medicine reduce symptoms Alzheimer 's .	"""A medicine to cure Alzheimer 's"
"What can we infer from GM 's new Malibu being awarded "" Top Safety Pick "" ? GM seems road saving mistakes ."	"""GM 's new model Malibu is specially designed to solve ignition problems ."
While Daae was in Paris , he never went out of doors because he was homesick fell ill	'too busy teaching his daughter
We can define reading comprehension as . something makes people understand read	'a strong passion for reading
What is not one of the challenges that bank staff have to face while transferring each ? The transfers netted one another	'The cash may be robbed away
If you want to invite your friends to dinner on Friday , you have to reach the Skyliner Restaurant 8:00 pm	'after 8:00 pm
The passage is trying to tell people baggage check	'warn against the damage of locking the baggage
Which sentence is right according to the passage ? Allan second man answer question .	'Paul wanted to buy a racing car very much .
What does the recent study of Norwegian mothers show ? Mothers ' negative personality characteristics may affect children 's life spans .	"""Children 's personality characteristics are invariably determined by their mothers ."
Why is proficiency stressed in language testing ? To test learners ' real ability use language .	'To make the test more difficult .
""" What Darwin Saw "" mainly focuses on led Darwin form theory evolution"	'how Darwin made his voyage to South America
Which of the following statements is NOT true ?    The sensor detect fire make emergency call .	'Without a computer 
It can be inferred from the passage that reading cheap way learning fun .	'cinemas are the best choice in getting information .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? The writer hopes people something charity .	'Only Yao Ming 
What is this passage mainly about ? Relationship exercises flu .	'How to do exercises .
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? The reason 's French Castles Day .	'The time when the Elyusee Palace is open to the public .
Which of the following situations requires the most watering ? Newly planted trees sandy soil	'Newly planted trees in clay soil
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Making Difference	'The Advantage of Paper Trays
From the passage we can learn that teachers different opinions website	'teachers feel upset for their students are bullying them
From the news we can learn that young man would steal	"""Pan Aiying did n't give up hope after sending 21 text messages"
Which of the following escaping way is NOT right ? Use lift come .	'You can escape through stairways .
What is the purpose of the experiment ? To prove good sleep helps solve problems .	"'To test problem - solving ability in sleep .', ""To discover people 's insight during sleep ."
According to the author , which of the following could be a strength of the book ? Its clear writing .	'Its strong characters .
The purpose of this writing is mainly to tell us ways stay warm fun winter days	'some of the 24 solar terms in a year .
We can infer from the passage that writing intended women 19th century Britain	'the three sisters were badly treated by their step - mother
Why do the elderly think it is important to make TombSweeping Day a public holiday ? Because make young people working people included festival 's activities .	'Because they want to honor their ancestors .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Daniel thinks fun learn English English club .	"'Daniel joins different clubs after school .', ""There are 1800 new students in Daniel 's school ."
With the experiment in Virginia in 1995 , the writer wants to show that effect single sex education girls immediate	'single sex education has become popular in recent years
If you visit all the four locations , you can learn Apollo 17 's space exploration	'help prepare a dinosaur fossil exhibition
Why does the writer let his oldest daughter read a Sherlock Holmes story ? The writer wants daughter lose interest reading .	'His oldest daughter likes the books that adults read .
What can we learn from the passage ? Paradise Lost popular hit time .	'In 1635 Milton made friends with many artists and poets
What is the passage mainly about ? Studies carried causes bee disorder , questions remain .	'American beekeeping industry has been strongly influenced by the bee disorder .
What 's the writer 's opinion on children 's decisions ? Parents allow children make decisions .	'Children could do what they want to do .
What can we learn from the findings of the two new studies ? Longevity results combination mental physical health .	"""Anxiety and depression more often than not cut short one 's life span ."
Which of the following statements is Not True according to the passage ? There trees woods .	'Rain was in great need .
The Russians wanted to sell Alaska because could n't find enough seals	"""they thought it did n't belong to Russia"
According to the text , where can a tourist get souvenirs in Sydney ? The Harbourside Development Australian Wildlife Park .	'The Harbourside Development and Taronga zoo .
What may be the best ending of the story ? The next morning daughter glad find money tooth .	"""A new tooth grew during my daughter 's sleep that night ."
It can be inferred that the real reason Jack had problems with the yard was that take care lawn	"""the author 's grandfather was against Jack working on the lawn"
What is the leading factor for this round of growth of commodity prices ? Growth manufacturing developing nations .	'The growth of gold prices .
Who 're all watching at the meeting ? A fox , baby panda animals	'A monkey 
What is the main point of the article ? The advantage single sex education .	'Ways to reduce pressure and help children grow .
Which is true according to the passage ? The new technology help protect environment .	"'The""plug - in vehicles""will use electricity completely as driving power ."
Mr Paulo Angeli is     leader New York City policeman	'a policeman who receives the most money in New York
The author of the passage encourages Americans read	'doubts the results of the survey
Which question is the most suitable here ? There letter pearls ?	'Who sent these beautiful pearls ?
On the last day of Ann 's holiday Jane told her price hotel included everything	"""that she found Ann 's Spanish money"
What can be inferred from the passage ? The Chinese dream based every Chinese individual 's dreams .	"""The author 's dreams are different from other Chinese people 's dreams ."
One of Danielle Steel ' achievements is that one books became best - seller 1998	'some TV plays were based on her books
We can learn from the passage that quality ordinary items good famous brands .	'ordinary items are not so attractive because of the lower prices .
Which of the following is NOT true of the author ? He regretted worked parking lot .	'He got the graduate degrees from Harvard .
Which word is used to describe old mobile phones according to the passage ? bricks	'digital phone
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Differences fables fairy tales .	'Famous fables and fairy tales in the world .
What activity curriculums were not offered in this training school ? Digging .	'Running .
From the passage we learn writer loved Aunt Reba deeply	'the Teddy Bear had a sweet face
What is the scientists ' new discovery ? A person 's hair may reveal lived .	"""One 's hair growth has to do with the amount of water they drink ."
What influences Americans most according to the passage ? Agriculture Native Americans .	'Ancient Indian medictines .
In the darkest moments , the author would prefer to left alone	'stay with her best friend
What did Lucy find yesterday ? Some boys always made faces class .	"""Some boys always did n't listen to her ."
From the passage we know that his sister      . lives next town husband son	'has a small family : a daughter 
The author tried to hitchhike but was rejected by single women drivers because strong man strange clothes seemed dangerousZxxk	'they thought most hitchhikers were dangerous
According to the reading , what are the patterns of immigration in China and Russia today ? Many people leave countries many people also immigrate .	'They are major source countries for immigration .
We can infer from the passage that Edgar n't buy snap length .	'Edgar was an indifferent but good - looking man
In writing the passage , the author 's main aim is to persuade people build greenhouse	'tell people how to save money when building a greenhouse
Which of the following statements is not true ? The Greek warm public baths .	'Bathing was important to Greeks and Romans .
from the passage we can learn that the post huge demand humorous works	'allows article submission within six weeks
What is the author 's main purpose in writing the passage ? To show importance presenting overall information media .	'To encourage the skeptics to have a critical eye .
Which of the following best describes the passage ? Downloading material illegal .	"'Music on the Internet is of better quality .', ""It 's good to get free music on the Internet ."
Why did his owner take Stubby to the front lines ? He fond Stubby .	'Stubby was well trained for the war .
Which of the following is more in China than in other countries ? The amount salt consumed	'The number of deaths caused by high blood pressure .
The above passage mainly discusses history Winter Olympics	'the birth of the Winter Olympics
According to Sandy , people multitask because of their inability concentrate one task	'interests in doing things differently
As for reducing the risks of pet food recalls , what should be mainly taken into consideration ? Where ingredients come .	'Whether the company has good reputation .
The purpose of the passage is to share valuable lesson readers	'tell teachers how to be kind to students
What would be the best title of the passage ? How Pigeons Find Their Ways Home ?	'Why Pigeons Can Fly long Distance ?
The passage mainly talks about new research chewing gum	'the rule of forbidding chewing gum in school
According to this passage , which of the following is TRUE ? People find job London .	"'People feel it difficult to find a job in Paris .', ""People ca n't travel to London without a passport ."
The writer 's purpose for writing the passage is to advocate focus real life attention	'analyze the necessity of attention giving
Caleb Deng 's story serves as an example to show students learn math video games	'how students work in small groups
In which way can learning multiple languages benefit kids ? Developing learning ability .	'Mixing up different languages .
What do we know about the twelve children tested in the study ? All required learn music school .	'Only 6 of them had a knowledge of music before .
What will the passage most probably talk about next ? Take measures protect eyes skiing new snow areas .	'Never ski on newly fallen snow in Japan .
From the passage we know that young man trusted princess completely	'the princess stood behind the right door
The purpose of the text is to draw attention water shortage	'tell us what life is like in Yemen
The shop owner showed the young man the door means ask go away	'to ask him to look at the door of the car
The author thinks it is important for parents to listen kids carefully	'choose the best gifts for their kids
The little tortoise agreed get money	"""did n't mind getting the money"
Why did the scientists work so hard at mapping the human genome ? Because human genome 's completion help get rid many diseases .	'Because the human genome can destroy many illnesses .
What happened to the jaguar after it got five wolves around ? The jaguar became energetic .	'The jaguar remained the same .
The author may disagree that plastic bottles causing less less pollution	'it is very hard for plastic bottles to break down
In Australian parenting , parents n't share amount child - care	'neither fathers nor mothers spend enough time on child - care
The writer mainly tells us experiences famous musician	'how to learn the piano
The author writes the passage mainly to advise the teenagers to responsible choices behaviors	"'have a control over their own bodies and actions', ""follow fashionable stars ' steps to be more popular"
Why did Jack sit down again in front of the man with the hat in his mouth ? Ask young man leave .	'Try to make the man laugh .
Which of the following is NOT used to support the idea that school sports help keep students away from some dangerous behaviors ? Parents great time children .	'Coaches have a positive effect on students .
What part(s ) would be a must if scientists just wanted a robot which can hang on the wall ? Suckers .	'Suckers and bristles .
To save water , what do Australians and Europeans both choose to do ? Recycle water second use .	'Make good use of rainwater .
"What 's the main idea of the passage ? Say "" I love you""more family ."	"'Say "" I love you "" a lot to Chinese people ."
What kind of person is Maybelle ? She always says means honest way .	"""She does n't want to be friends with the writer any mort ."
Which of the following statements is true according to the text ? Students ca n't solve procrastination writing micro blogs .	'College students can have their papers written if they delay them .
Which of the following is not the way to turn evening people to morning people ? To sleep light morning .	"""To fit their schedule with society 's expectations ."
From the text , it can be inferred that many victims might ruins	'it was impossible to find out survivors
Which of the following is conveyed in this article ? All nicknames increase charm Los Angeles .	'Los Angeles is most famous for its nicknames .
Which of the following shows us the action of vandalism ? People enter sites destroy damage buildings .	'Governments build high fences to protect the site from vandals .
Which of the following is NOT true of Lynn Jenkins ? She award Heart Green Local Hero .	'She is the publisher of the magazine Indiana Living Green .
Bill Gates applauded when Hsing point	'the Chinese player played well
The author writes the passage mainly to explain causes effects hypoxia	'warn people in airplanes of possible dangers
"How do you understand the sentence "" Americans do not have a corner on the ' death ' market "" ? It means Americans , like people , must die ."	'It means that Americans do not have a secret place to keep from death in their life .
To make sure that the device runs smoothly , user equipped related units	"'the device should be improved through experiments', ""the user should n't be physically handicapped"
According to Kathy Couture , what is the disadvantage of a mixed class ? Students may disturbed opposite sex study .	'Students are not interested in their curriculums .
When you slip   you always fall to the ground because    earth gravity	'the earth always turns round .
"Which of the following is Not true ? "" Petroleum "" German word ."	"'"" Petroleum "" suggests "" coming from rocks "" ."
"Which of the following are true according to the passage ? More half families big cities "" empty nest "" ."	'The elderly take part in the social and entertainment activities actively nowadays .
What do participants need to do during the program ? They need submit 3 - 5 photos week language camp programs .	'They need to write an essay about their exchange experience .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Scientific discoveries helped people find efficient ways using available resources .	"""Scientific discoveries have only changed man 's moral atmosphere ."
According to the text , we can infer that future teaching robots possibly take place human teachers	'in the future 
What 's the main reason of the Great Wall being destroyed ? The local people short culture knowledge .	'The local people sell the bricks for a living .
What happened to the suburban house west of London ? It modeled studio set later	'Harry Potter lived in it in his childhood
What is the purpose of the writer writing the passage ? To tell people chance comes , n't let go .	'To advise people to plant flowers in their yards .
What can be inferred from the passage ? Asifi still treats country great affection though living refugee another country .	'Resources were unlimited and education for women was encouraged before Asifi fled to Pakistan .
What is the author 's opinion about a good excuse ? Bitter truth better good excuse .	'Making a good excuse is sometimes a better policy .
Which of the following names was given by Sitting Bull ? Little Sure Shot .	'Annie Oakley .
. What 's the best title for the article ? An Unforgettable Lesson .	'An Engineering Exam .
Japanese youth 's interest in science is dropping probably because 're interested high - tech devices work	"""scientists do n't make much money in Japan"
In this passage , the author offers specific examples ways people deal disappointment	'analyzes the cause of disappointment
We can infer from the text that writer devotes teaching students	'the writer was also a good teacher in school
If you want to take part in the competition , must send entries 30th April 2016	'you can only submit one entry
We can conclude from the passage that main streets television used advertising	'red - striped shield is the best thing to use in advertising
Which of the following can be true according to   the passage ? Oil important modern world .	"""Coal gas ca n't be used in houses and factories ."
Which of the following is right according to the text ? Germs get body .	'All germs are dangerous .
Wanda turned Charley from a frog into a prince    	'at the request of charley
Handwritten cards for members of the U.S. Armed Forces are collected by American Red Cross Holiday Mail Heroes Program	"""Disney 's Club Penguin"
We can infer from the passage that typical menu US school made enough nutrition	'most students in South Africa eat their lunches at home
What can we infer from the passage ? Standards life changed China .	'China will have built a national carbon trading program by 2016 .
In American football players can kick , throw carry ball	'only kick the ball
Which statement is TRUE according to the passage ? While using dry salting method , hold fish wooden boxes .	'All the heads of the fish which will be dried must be cut off .
If you visit Zone D , find Corporate Pavilions	'you can visit Urban Best Practices Area
In this passage , we can not know stole Matt 's iPhone .	"'how Matt knew Orange Brother', ""what Matt 's job is"
What can be inferred from the passage ? You enough energy deal study exams eating healthy diet .	"""You should n't look at everyone else during the test ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? Vancouver country South America .	"""It was the best Olympics for China 's Winter Olympic delegation ."
What is the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation ? fixes eyes issues health education throughout world .	'it delivers the commencement address at HarvardUniversity .
We can infer from this article that Washington Oregon neighboring states	'The eruption of Mt St Helens also caused trouble with the Yellowstone Park
What is the text mainly about ? How Bill Gates brings children .	'How Bill Gates made himself a billionaire .
We can learn from the passage that sometimes different order words different meaning	'the meaning of an English sentence always changes with the order of the words
What do Chinese people call Baymax ? The big white .	'Hiro Hamada .
The text mainly tells us sharks danger	'shark fins are valuable
Which of the following is the main idea of the whole passage ? Some Americans benefited World War I indirectly .	'women and blacks contributed much in World War I.
Why was Florence honoured by Queen Victoria ? Because great deal work Crimean War .	'Because she built the Nightingale Home for Nurses .
This passage is about using English - Chinese dictionary	'new words in writing
John Sauven holds that exploitation wildernesses harmful	'many people value nature too much
In which book is Bush criticized by the author ? The Lies George W. Bush .	"""America 's Secret War ."
Which would be the best title for the text ? Too busy Friendship ?	'Too busy with work ?
Which of the following is NOT true about emotional eating ? It caused physical hunger .	'It is usually linked to positive or negative feelings .
He tried to go to the cinema bo buy a ticket but really got there twice	'five times
What is the best time for physical performance ? Between 3 pm 6 pm	'Between 7 pm and 10 pm .
What did the writer get when he pulled in his catch the second time ? A shoe	'A fish
We can know from the advertisements that Cellist Kotova 's photo seen covers many fashion magazines	'people living in Shanghai can`t see the performance of The Phantom of the Opera 
What does the story mainly want to show us ? The mental support John 's mother gave .	'The key to success for blacks .
Brocky is tiger need adoption	'an animal zoo
Which is the best title of the passage ? Most Home Buyers Are Unhappy Their House .	'Buying a House Is an Important Decision .
Our heights and babies ' brain size are mentioned to prove that limits people 's intelligence	"""most people 's hearts are not that strong to make them smarter"
What is Natalie Mahowald 's opinion on those aerosols ? Aerosols caninfluence various ways .	'All the aerosols will cool the earth .
What does the National Zoo try to do every year ? To make Mei Xiang give birth new babies .	'To make Tai Shan stay there .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? In California , children learn drive three months fifteenth birthday	'Not all the students like the school .
Why was the big tree proud before its neighbor ? All .	'Because a lot of people came to have a rest under it .
Which of the following is NOT right ? Energy drinks better water stop thirst .	'Water sports can help you feel cool and active in summer .
"What is most likely to cause a "" fight or flight "" response ? Not knowing happen ."	'Not having a paid job .
What 's the best title for the text ? Texting help lose weight	'Texting saves time and money
What does the passage mainly tell us ? People 's love disabled woman lost dog .	"""A disabled woman 's service dog ."
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? Yao Ming retires basketball	'Yao Ming : a household name
Which do you think is the best title for the passage ? Kodak Is Dead	'Great Contributions of Kodak
The Georgia Aquarium wants to import beluga whales in that     . wants achieve research educational purposes	"""beluga whales are n't properly cared for in Russia"
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Scientists chose chickens experiments chicken eggs taste delicious .	'Scientists from Scotland have succeeded in packing medicine into chicken eggs .
The visitor nearly passed out after a close look at the stone because discovery good true	'he was shocked by the misfortune of the first farmer
What is the best title of the passage ? Fallen Fame Addiction : F. Scott Fitzgerald	'An Inch into Fame : F. Scott Fitzgerald
What is the best title for the news report ?     Travel Trends Down Economy	'Trip Destinations Closer to Home
""" Enjoy what each age gives him without wasting time in useless regrets "" means Make full use time given age instead regretting achievements"	'Enjoy what is given to him by people at his age 
What can you learn from the passage ? We believe others right	'We should believe the mother camel .
With the launch of Hello - Hello world , users can communicate native speakers anytime	'talk to any foreigners in the world
According to the author , what is human nature ? Complaining younger generation .	'Complaining English teachers .
Which is the best title for the text ? The Woman Who Loves Adventure	'A Woman Mountain Climber
The writer 's purpose in mentioning The Republic is to show read books blindly though hard understand	'explain why it was included in the list
. Which one is the best title for this passage ? wolf shadow	'A wolf and a lion
Viewers can learn from The Cove cruel bloody dolphinkilling	'the beautiful Japanese seaside town Taiji
According to the writer , what is the best way to calm down after being hurt ? Think pleasant things forget hurt .	'Try to figure out why you get hurt .
Ira got the photo of Sparky Lyle from colleague	'Sparky Lyle
According to Dr. Andy Field , if a child is afraid of a cat , parents should show child approach	'tell the child not to be afraid of it
What did Tom say he wanted to be when he grew up ? Tom said wanted dustman .	'Tom said that he wanted to be a teacher .
The writer wrote this passage to tell us read eye movement	'introduce the different meanings of the body languages
Which of the following is NOT true ? The use English language changed much previous century .	'BBC announcers speak standard English .
What can we infer from what Dr. Boyko said ? Modern humans East Africa dogs come Central Asia .	'There are three different kinds of DNA in dogs .
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Two strangers wedding	'A wedding based on love
What does John do on Sunday morning ? He watches TV .	'He goes to a club .
When did the tower begin to lean ? first floor built	'after the last floor was built
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? The author communicates 35 friends e -- mails .	"""There are 35 people in the author 's list of friends right now ."
Based on the study , what will be done to improve students ' reasoning ability ? To improve teaching techniques .	"""To better students ' learning conditions ."
Why can an oil lamp work ? Because oil climbing wick .	'Because the other end is immersed .
Which of the following statements is true ? The book tells teens face changes lives .	'There are three terms in every school .
What is NOT mentioned in the passage ?    What time Americans eat dinner .	'Why Americans eat in a hurry .
What will you find during the guided walking ? The environment Abdet getting better .	'Climbing Sierra de Aitana is the most exciting .
Fashion change mainly because popular culture influences people	'new films and shows replace the old
The most important reason why Zoe went to visit Kathy 's farm is that Zoe lost job PR consultant	'Zoe got tired of the city life
"By saying "" I do n't support warning labels for cell phones , "" Dr Martha Linet has the idea that worrying unnecessary"	'cancer - warning labels should be on cell phones
From the text we learn that    1930 Olivetti produced 13.000 typewriters year	"""some of Olivetti 's 700 staff regularly visited customers in Italy"
What is probably the best title for the test ? Mona Lisa New Mother	'Mona Lisa 
What makes Chinese people believe a number is lucky or unlucky ? sound number Chinese	'the shape of the number
Which of the following conclusions is true according to the writer ? Language teaching join mathematical formulas .	'The language ideas used in early education interrupt mathematical reasoning .
""" Act your age "" means people should right thing right age"	'be active when they are old
Which of the following descriptions is TRUE according to the passage ? Steve made progress finally became good student class .	'Steve often helped his parents work in the woods instead of going to school .
Which of the following is NOT the task of the Stray Cat Rescue Association ? To mourn stray cats die hunger illness .	'To keep students have a harmonious relationship with cats .
If you get into BDU , you can get information latest business activities taking place China	'get the most important business information in the world
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To encourage students planned .	'To advise students not to devote themselves to English .
"Why do people call Picasso "" the youngest painter in the world "" ? Because never gave looking something new ."	'Because he looked young when he was old .
The results of the College Entrance Examination will be sent college students chose	'more important to the students than the American College Test
Which of the following is used for catching and holding insects ? The capture spirals .	'The center of the web .
What may be the best title of the passage ? Environmental refugees -- international problem	'50 Million environmental refugees by 2010
"What 's special about the game "" Second Life "" ? It benefits ability socialization creativity"	"""It 's a game about losing and winning"
When does a blue moon happen in nature ? When two full moons one month .	'When the moon has a blue moon .
What is the main goal of the National Dark - Sky Week ? To help young children enjoy wonder universe .	'To promote the use of better lighting systems .
According to this article , what could a reader know about food ? People need sense smell taste food .	'People hold their noses to eat onions .
"In the passage "" labor force "" is defined as people available work earn income"	'self - employed people who have the ability to work
Which of the following is true ? Any breakfast better breakfast .	'Some children like eating breakfast at school .
What is the author 's purpose in writing this text ? To provide tips traveling underground London .	'To wish the London Underground a happy birthday .
From what Emily said on her turtle program , we know that thought turtles small animals	"""she did n't dare to catch the powerful turtles"
Which of the following is not right ? Children like going beaches see lots new things .	'Children like summer vacation best .
Smith - Spangler and her colleagues found that organic traditional food examined safe	'organic food could reduce the risk of heart disease
The main purpose of the passage is to inform readers Polly Pocket toys ' recall	'criticize Mattel Inc.for their bad products
The Garden Hotel lies beach far Hawaii 's modern shopping center	"""on the beach where you wo n't find all that money can buy"
The passage is most probably written by senior student	'a teacher of senior grade
Why does James Gholson Middle School teach students separately ? Because students may concentrated single - sex classes .	'Because single - sex classes are popular in America .
A young lady interested in fashion may visit Venice	'South Africa
The best title of the passage is     What To Do When Lost In Woods	"""Do n't Get Lost"
If there were one more tip , it could be WORK TO LIVE	'LIVE TO WORK
From the passage we know that scientists said 5 - 10 percent MP3 listeners risking hearing loss around world .	'besides the high sound levels 
Why does the author mention the process of making a hamburger ? To illustrate food contributes greenhouse gases .	'To show meat is usually part of a hamburger .
The most serious kind of pollution is air pollution	'noise pollution
The author felt sorry for the man because hit I marl hard nose bled	"'the man formed a bad habit of beating others', ""the man could n't   catch up with him"
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Dr. Green decided give treatments .	'She wrote a book called Ice Bound .
Which of the following sentences is NOT right ? We dress children dark colours .	"""Fresh roses can cheer us up when we 're feeling blue ."
Which statement is right ? Anger may cause cancer .	'Were you angry 
In this passage the writer mainly tells us that right kind food exercise keep healthy	'enough energy helps people think more quickly
Which of the following libraries are open on Friday ? Stuttgart City Library Central Library	'Central Library and Bibliotheca Alexandrina
What do you think will happen next in the story ? John put fish river .	'The trout will change into a big fish .
In her letter , Alice first talked about effects social phobia	"""people 's attitudes towards nervousness"
What made Oliver keep playing t'ai chi ? Nelson 's pride t'ai chi .	"""Her love for t'ai chi ."
In January lots people go shopping something cheaper	'people have a lot of money to spend after Christmas
What is bird flu ? It form influenza strikes birds , even humans .	'It is a form of influenza which strikes only poultry .
What is the best title for the passage ? Do n't give anytime	'Ants Fear Adversity
What can we learn from the text ? Music training also help children certain disabilities .	'Adults should also take some music lessons .
What can we infer from the passage ? Catherine fond telling stories .	"""Catherine 's father got lost on the sea ."
Why was Mary Moe 's dream difficult to come true ? She enough time money past .	'She did nothing for flying lessons .
We can learn from the passage that friends make wider social circle make feel better feel depressed	'if you have more friends 
According to the passage , internet supporters believed that virtual world place without boundaries	'cyberspace liberated the real world
What is the purpose of the text ? To explain get early late .	'To tell us how to change our body clock .
The   best   title for   this   passage   should   be   People colours	'Warm colours and cool colours
By writing the passage , the writer mainly wants to tell us people may solve sleeping problems habits	"""why so many people ca n't sleep well at night"
Which statement is TRUE according to the passage ? The whale elephant began respect rabbit .	'The elephant was pleased to talk to the rabbit at first .
Henry came back home several days later because He thought might eat farmer	"""He did n't like the country life at all"
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Music helps us learn	'We can not live without music
The author mentioned her experience in Para 2 mainly to tell impression credit cards leave kids	'prove the convenience of using credit cards
Which of the following measures has iMove taken to guarantee its high standards ? Developing quality standards .	'Offering different language courses .
What 's the writer 's attitude towards homestay according to the passage ? The writer think homestay good language learning .	'The writer hopes homestay families will provide more service .
The reason why Yao Ming has been elected onto a political advisory committee of CPPCC is because Yao still one famous influential man China	'Yao is the youngest and the tallest man in China
Which is the passage mainly discussing ? Development advertising	'Modern advertising
The professor filled an empty jar with rocks to teach life lesson	'show the large jar
Dr Goodall wrote the conservation stories    give hope people want save species	'to warn people of the danger of losing wild animals
What 's the advice that Dr. Helbing gives us ? The cars travel one direction tell oncoming traffic traffic conditions .	'The cars can not be allowed to communicate with traffic coming in the opposite direction .
According to the text , we can infer incident street directed Dupin .	"'the letter Dupin took away was exactly the one he wanted .', ""Mr. D'Arcy and Dupin were good friends ."
"What is the author 's opinion about "" No pain , no gain "" in exercising ? Exercise stopped continuous pain felt ."	'Pain in exercise is a precondition for reaching your goal .
Which of the following is RIGHT ? Bill Clinton Bush 's friend	"""Bill Clinton 's birthday was on Wednesday"
Why was Joan separated from her sister and her brother - in - law ? They planned different things lunch time .	'Joan had not seen Crown Jewels .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? The mother disabled unable move around without wheelchair .	'The mother made the payment for the wedding gown for her daughter on the spot .
The writer thinks that relaxing times necessary students	'students should pick the right major
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Some 260 million people world adequate working knowledge English .	'There are some 260 million native speakers of English in the world .
What is the function of the cornflour according to the passage ? To create thick liquid .	'To turn the water into solid .
Which of the following is TRUE ? There skydiving schools late 1950s .	'The Chinese attempted different skydiving skills in the 10th century .
Where did Mr Black want to go ? The Sun Hotel	"""The old woman 's hote1 ."
Before the new study , it was known that robots effective reducing people 's loneliness	"""dogs could help get rid of old people 's loneliness"
What 's the best title of this text ? Clear Your Mental Space .	'Try to Avoid the Negative Emotion .
How will readers get a copy of King 's new book Riding the Bullet ? Pay & 2.5 e - book version .	'Download it from the Internet for free .
What message does the writer mostly convey in the passage ? There still long way go plastic bag ban .	'The plastic bag ban has achieved great success .
The passage is mainly about problem Venice	'the waterways of Venice
Why are sports important for Oba ? Because sports make money country .	'Because sports are competitive these days .
"Which of the following is NOT right , according to the article ? "" Dexterous "" comes Latin , means "" evil "" English "" sinister "" means "" handy "" ."	'At one time 
The writer seems to agree that college education remains wise choice	'there is no need to go to college
The best title for the passage is Stay away bad games .	'Games are funny .
When Obama was a child , people used call Berry	'his father died of serious illness
When he got on the plane he was happy to find that seat hoped	'a notice was put in a window seat
Which of the following is TRUE ? The writer 's grandfather Beijing Opera club .	"""Guo Degang is the writer 's father 's favorite cross talker ."
The best title of the passage might be Why find homestay Beijing difficult	'A few things to know about the local families
The speaker made this speech in order to encourage people care girls ' education	'give some facts about girls
If you hide behind the cubes during an attack , which of the following may not happen ? Being hit missile .	'Destroying a missile .
Why does the author mention the German kids ' story ? To describe hunger Germany war .	'To tell how friendly the American soldiers were .
As men became more civilized they wanted better things could provide	'all learnt to make by themselves the things needed
What could be said about the author ? He considers books treasured possessions .	'He has made a lot of notes in his books .
According to the passage , oxytocin decreases people get older	'creates loving feeling on the skin
A good title for this story would be The Hinckley Buzzard Festival	'Buzzard 
The writing purpose of this passage is to introduce characteristics time - travel TV dramas China	'analyze why the time -travel TV dramas are banned in China
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Mike never frightened sailing .	'Mike Perham crossed the Panama Canal .
Which of the following best describes the writer ? A young woman found ideal career .	'A young deaf woman who wants to help the deaf .
What ca n't a baby zebra do an hour after she is born ? Make circle protect .	'Drink milk .
Mrs Ellen Parker 's real problem was that weighed much	"""she could n't walk quickly"
The main purpose of the passage is to     . persuade people order products	'explain the process of making logo pens
Which is not the advantage of turning off the TV ? Developing language skills .	'Giving you a chance to be with your family and friends .
If you want to hike various trails you are advised to visit Grand Canyon	'visit Deadwood
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Most people meals others often families weekly .	'Mealtime with their families helps teenagers deal with stress properly .
We can infer from the passage that someone profiting search perfection	'a perfect grade is worth losing sleep
If a child is allowed to leave the table at once after a meal , he will learn eat hurriedly	'eat more
Which is true according to the text ? You use computer get details Great Wall Rock .	'You have to pay extra money for entering the Great Wall with a ticket .
We can learn from the passage that writer wrote passage parents	"""everyone in the writer 's family likes playing the game"
"Which of the following words would Irena Bauman most probably agree with ? "" It 's wind turbines look like live really matters present . """	"'"" It benefits us more to fit wind turbines in cities than in mountain areas or by lakes . """
According to Stephen 's questions to the author , we know that Stephen n't confident .	"""did n't want to attend the author 's class ."
"Which of the following is NOT related to Mom 's "" green life "" ? Picking dandelions busy streets ."	'Saving glass jars 
"What is called "" food miles "" according to this passage ? The journey field plate ."	'The effects of long distances .
The main idea of this passage is trees important land	'that farms are better than cities
The author seems to suggest that the future robotic dogs may keep old people active	"""change people 's beliefs"
The passage implies that Biggiogera confident experiment	"'putting living cells into a sleep - like state is full of failure', ""human 's hibernation needs no energy"
The following statements are the reasons why textbook renting is now a new fashion among college students EXCEPT The process saves resources n't go nearest bookstore	'One can save a great deal of time in browsing for better deals online
Which of the following is not considered to be a disadvantage by those who want to ban electric bicycles ? Some producers neglect recycling responsibility	'The used batteries will pollute the environment .
According to the passage , kidults would like to do the following except work busy stressful city .	'buy Hello Kitty mobile phone accessories .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Listening Mozart , necessary ?	'What music is beneficial ?
In this passage , the author wants to say differences people gradually disappear easy travel	'differences between people do exist even though different nationalities behave exactly alike
What can you infer from the passage ? Water could used war past .	"'"" To be in hot water "" can only be used to mention serious trouble ."
Which of the following statement is not true according to the text ? Grandpa sent bees help Grandma .	"""Grandma would n't get aid of bees any more ."
What can we learn from the story ? We n't take much	'Everyone should make a wish to get a gold chain
Which of the following sentences is NOT right ? William goes library father	'William borrows a music book
In raising a child in modern society , parents should balance well family career	'play computer games with their children
What is the current trend in higher education discussed in the text ? Institutions worldwide hiring administrators U.S.	'More international students are being admitted to American universities .
What would be the best title for the text ? Louis Pasteur : great scientist	'Germs and diseases
In the author 's view , what can students benefit from the journal writing ? It beneficial students ' future career .	"'It can make students more emotional .', ""It is helpful to students ' homework ."
According to the passage , where is the Egyptian mummy now ? Under sea .	'At the British Museum .
Which of the following is true about King ' s College Summer School ? Visits museums culture centers part program .	"""King ' s College Summer School is run every other year ."
What influence did the experiment have on Alexander ? He realized fewer choices could bring happiness .	'He realized that holding on tightly could lead to more content .
"By saying "" All the food was slow "" , the writer implies that growing , never ate fast food"	"""he did n't like fast food when he was growing up"
What is the writer 's opinion concerning courteous manners towards women ? Special consideration ought shown cases .	'They no longer need to be treated differently from men .
Which of the following statement is true ? Peter Rabbit one recognized literary characters UK .	'The Tale of Peter Rabbit mainly features his better - behaved siblings .
What is the main theme of the article ? Friendships marriages valued managed carefully .	"""We 'd better put away Christmas decorations and recycle them each year ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? You put fork , knife spoon serving bowl .	'Use your spoon only for soup .
"What does Alec Webley consider to be the "" definition of integration "" ? The school randomly assigns roommates without regard race ."	'Students of different races are required to share a room .
Ann wants to buy orange sweater	'an orange for her mother
From the letter , we can learn that author would thankful company arranged meeting .	'the firm of ABC Trading Co. Ltd had a vacancy in the office .
You 'll feel tired easily if the light is bad	'good
Why were n't the participants allowed to have a conversation on the phone during the experiment ? Because scientists want sure accuracy experiment .	'Because that would be too noisy and bad for the experiment .
What is the passage mainly about ? West Hollywood 's ban fur products .	'Differences between fur and leather sales .
What do you think is the best title of the passage ? Mother beautiful word English language .	'Mother is the first word in the English language .
To understand what true happiness , one must     able distinguish happiness fun	"""have as much fun as possible during one 's lifetime ."
Taobao is online shopping site	'a shopping mall
Mrs. Taylor stopped sweeping when heard hen making sounds loudly	'she noticed the children in the tree
What can we learn from the passage ? Sometimes , big animal also needs get help small one .	'The lion wants to eat the mouse .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Shooting stars may come broken comets .	'A comet is a kind of planets .
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? Han Geng 30 years old 2010	"""Kim is Han 's best friend"
According to Disney 's new standards , soft drinks allowed advertised	'foods that are advertised should be fat - free
The writer likes music because he thinks 's important part lives	"""it 's an exciting part of our lives"
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Reducing stress surrounding positive energy .	'Adding some elements to your life .
What did the writer think of the trip of Cuba ? The trip enjoyable interesting	'The trip was really boring
It can be inferred from the passage that kids expected active parents	'skateboarding is popular in schools and communities
What does the story mainly tell us about Dana ? She person helped old man .	'She works as a young airline employee .
What 's the main idea of the text ? The chances finding aliens slight .	'There must be other life forms in the universe .
Which of the following is right according to the author ? If want get want , first choose happy .	"""We should try to get more and then we 'll be happy ."
We can learn from the passage that act kindness made people simple grateful	"""the homeless do n't like the shelters"
In recent years , what will many families do when thanksgiving comes ? Make full preparations Black Friday shopping .	'Visit some newly - opened shopping centers in advance .
What are becoming fashionable for schoolboys according to the passage ? Running shoes .	'Nike and Adidas basketball shoes .
Why did Rebecca want to enter this year 's writing contest ? She wanted share stories readers .	"""She was sure of winning with her mother 's help ."
Why do you think good sportsmanship is really important ? It 's golden rule sports .	"""It 's all part of sports ."
The high school teacher shared her insights with her students end class	'on her way to school
Which of the following does NOT agree with the passage ? Hudson name white lion .	'Leviathan is a tall and long roller coaster .
Computer viruses are computer programs created malevolent designers	"'diseases spread from one computer to another by shared disks', ""viruses hidden in a computer 's instructions by the designers"
Which of the following increases the risk of suffering depression ? Butter .	'Vegetable oil .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Cameron glided icy darkness alone lights one - man sub .	"""Cameron 's fantasy film "
What does the World Book Day survey show ? Nearly half people surveyed n't read whole classical book .	"""People do n't like \n DreamsfromMyFatherandGeorgeOrwell's1984 ."
The other name of Chinese Mid - Autumn Festival is (   ) . Chinese Moon Festival	'Chinese Mid Festival
Who among the astronauts in this passage has n't been to saace ? Zhai Zhigang .	'Nie Haisheng .
It can be inferred from the passage that The writer made painful period people 's kindness	"""The mortgage on the ruined house did n't needto be paid off"
We can infer from the passage that new things replace old ones future	'traditional newspapers and magazines will disappear soon
It can be inferred from the last part that we should get touch Chinese embassy need help abroad	'choose the most suitable kind of travel insurance
The writer is most likely to agree that careful deciding kind fish eat	'overfishing is the main cause of fish poisoning
What does the text mainly talk about ? Chewing gum relieve stress .	'How to chew gum .
"Why do people call an ABC a "" banana person "" ? They look like Chinese think like Americans ."	'They look like Americans but think like Chinese .
Why could n't Alice get a doll as a child ? Because family poor .	'Because her mother died quite early .
How was the Paynes Prairie basin formed ? From dissolved limestone ground settling .	'By the Florida Park Service .
What is the main idea of the story ? It 's best learn forgive forget .	'Children should carry less rotten potatoes .
What 's the best title for the passage ? An excellent teen player -- Ariel Hsing	'Bill Gates cheered for Li Xiaoxia in London
. Which of the following sentences is NOT true ? Over 2,000 years ago , Greeks knew planet Saturn rings around .	'Astronomy is the oldest science that humans have known .
What can be inferred from the passage ? People 's understanding American alligators may changed	'Rivers in Alabama must be full of such huge alligators
What would be the best headline of the passage ? Warm weather made UK butterfly numbers increase .	'Different kinds of butterflies in the UK .
When did the first European explorers reach South America ? About 520 years ago .	'About 2.000 years ago .
There is no need for us to feel shy when we talk to ourselves because may gain quite advantages talking	'almost everybody has the habit of talking to themselves
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Students learn everything teachers .	'Making mistakes is good for growth .
From Para . 5 , we can infer that cities develop fast people come live cities	"""urbanization is a good way to improve people 's standards of living"
Why did the U.S. government pass law that requires companies selling gemstones to determine the origins of their stones ? To reduce trade blood minerals .	'To look for more gemstones .
The selection of students for the experiment was largely based on problems social life	'their social relationships
Which of the following statements is true from the passage ? The cause crush looked .	'The incident had connection with the throwing of fake money .
You can change your rooms or hotels , if hotel noisy	'you want to stay out late at night
The residential students are those who live university	'live at home
"The "" freshman fifteen "" is weight first - year university students gain"	'weight that high school students gain
It can be inferred from the text that personality tests useful companies job seekers	'personality tests have little to do with job seekers
We can learn from the article that Communicaid is a company that designs ads	'offers communication skill training
What can we learn from the passage ? Taxi drivers unwilling pick customers inside car park .	'You can find a free parking place in the university .
Why do people clean their houses days before the Spring Festival ? Because believed cleaning sweep away bad luck .	'Because they think it will bring happiness to others .
What did the writer buy for his son as a birthday present two years ago ? A computer .	'Some computer games .
A research group told people that spinach iron green vegetables	'made Popeye strong
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Theatre goers give icy glares hear phone .	"'When switched on in hospitals ', "" mobile phones could endanger patients ' lives ."
What does the last sentence mean ? We still need much solve problem .	"'We should drive cars instead of riding bicycles .', ""It 's too far to ride bicycles ."
Dr. Petrels says he likes to make people feel better	'help people sing
What is the author 's purpose in writing this passage ? To show attractions Denmark .	'To share experiences of travelling in Denmark .
Which of the following statement is Not true according to the passage ? The men participating studies reduced risk extent women .	'The American Medical Association conducted the medical research in Sweden and Finland .
What does the writer intend to tell us ? To ask us take time work enjoy life	'To complain about the strict work ethic
Why do some people say it is safer to be driven by women ? There fewer colour - blind women .	'All of them see everything in shades of green .
The writer thinks that the most important thing for the passengers is travel safely	'to fly freely
Mrs. Lang did all housework because thought husband tired	"""she could n't find any work"
The best title for the passage would be Albert Einstein Atomic Bomb	'A Story of Albert Einstein
Why did the boy 's mother never let her hair be cut ? Because n't let son know secret .	'Because she had only an ear .
Which of the following is TURE about the tests on the crows ? In IMTS test , birds needed identify sample card get rewards .	'The birds did better in RMTS than in IMTS .
What is the best title for the passage ? Miya , Volunteer Costa Rica	'Miya 
which of the following is true about the great wall on national day ? There many people day .	'You could find yourself easily on the photos you took that day
What did the band do on Tuesday night ? They played baseball game .	'They performed at a football game .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? The West Antarctic ice sheet danger .	"""The West Antarctic ice sheet 's melting will bring terrible consequences ."
According to Carlos Dora , what is the best solution to indoor air pollution ? People use new technologies clean fuels .	'People should use an effective air cleaner .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? On average , work - related calls half long personal calls .	'Women spend about five years talking on the phone during their lifetime .
Which of the following prices is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Membership nine years .	'Membership for two years .
What 's the best title of the passage ?     Travelling abroad	'Travelling
. The main purpose of the passage is introduce new plan control air pollution	'to inform readers of the damage caused by air pollution
. Elizabeth Lorris Ritter is worried that students allowed bring cellphones	'students spend too much time in listening to music on the cellphones
The dog , Pluto , is fool often something wrong	'a beautiful dog that people like very much
According to the passage , we know Nick thought making banana bread lot work	'Mosh knew which part of each banana should go into the bowl
Steve Nash feels happiest team wins game	'when he is named the Most Valuable Player of the NBA
The passage is mainly about that research shows American government take measures ensure income equality college graduates	'there is a big income gap between female and male college graduates in America
What is the main function of Babylon ? It software used translation .	"""It 's a website designed for communication ."
The wise man gave the boy two tasks in order to teach secret happiness	'show him how to observe the wonders in the world
Which of the following statements about the skirt is TRUE ? The author thought skirt would make look cool eyes others .	'It was just like the skirts in American TV dramas .
Which is true according to the passage ? When Pitt 's wife suggested keeping picture , kind joking .	"'Pitt knew the true value of the picture .', ""Pitt 's wife knew the true value of the picture ."
"What can we learn from the passage If muscles ca n't receive messages sent motor neurons , limbs begin look "" thinner "" ."	'As motor neurons degenerate 
The purpose of the writer is give description new - type city	"'to suggest how new type of harbor could be built at sea', ""to draw people 's attention to the problem of air pollution"
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Other parts world higher rate female centenarians Sardinia .	'There are equal numbers of female and male centenarians on Sardinia .
Who was mentioned in this passage that he had received the Nobel Prize because of his writing ? Harold Pinter .	'William Shakespeare .
Which of the following can be used as the best title of the passage? The History Olympic Flag	'One world 
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? The captain tended believe Bunter fallen supernatural punishment disbelief .	'Bunter could have seen a ghost .
What can we learn from the passage ? The author benefits greatly experience Chile .	'Exchange students always fail to succeed in another culture .
"The author of this passage concludes that "" seeing in stereo "" ability humans fortunate"	'helps people to have better vision than animals have
What can we infer from the passage ? Guling might originally pronounced Kuling English .	'Mr. and Mrs. Gardner were brought up in a southern Chinese town .
"What is the main idea of the passage ? Cell phones cause negative "" spillover "" work life home life ."	'How to control the negative spillover caused by cell phones .
The research found that dogs could help detect cancers by sniffing breath cancer patients	'sniffing the skin lesion
The author thought the man in need was obviously poor	'not right to leave without paying
The best title for this passage should be About Tea	'Black Tea
What should be done first to make travel in space cheap and safe ? New rocket engines designed .	'A direct route from Earth to other stars should be found .
.What is the purpose of the writing ? To describe writer 's experience understanding fishing .	'To explain the reason why so many Americans like fishing .
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? A Person Great Achievements .	'The Venice Film Festival .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Emily lives America .	"'Emily has few friends in her city .', ""Emily 's Russian friend will come back to Russia ."
Why do we need friends according to the passage ? Friends bring us happiness .	'Friends can do everything for us .
If Tom answered mostly Group 2 , which advice will you give him ? Hold ball hand watching TV .	'Place healthy snacks at hand while doing homework .
His hiccups completely stopped one week after the doctor gave medicine	'took an X - ray of his chest
Many donkeys were not painted by the old man because paint left	'all the paint was used up
People can enjoy a wireless Internet service for laptop computers by    using bluetooth connection	'connecting to another computer
The passage mainly tells us whatever ask , parents try meet needs whole life	"""children always do something to thank their parents ' great effort and help in return"
We need extra help for fighting off free radicals from fruits and vegetables because defences get weaker get older	"""our bodies ' defences are not natural"
Which of the following is true ? Those experience office work better chance get job secretary .	'The owner of the stereo will never sell his stereo at a price less than $ 200 .
735469 is Jane 's QQ number	"""Peter 's QQ number"
Which of the following is not true ? Boy students wear jeans larger size grow fast	"'Students in high schools use the word "" like "" very often"
What would be the best title for the text ? Keeping quiet class improves academic performance	'Arranging classroom settings benefits studies
The passage mainly tells us use red traffic lights	'how the red light travels
The example of the French peasants shows the fact that signs   hibernation human sleeping habits	'people might become lazy as a result of too much sleep
What can we learn about the French from the passage ? It easy make friends .	'They like travelling in their own country .
"What does the saying "" you do n't know what you do n't know "" indicate ? Students unaware employers think lacking ."	'Students with different internships judge their abilities differently .
The following facts can prove the good Sino - Cambodian relations EXCEPT that Sihanouk committed Cambodian national development	'the two countries has set 2013 to be China - Cambodia Friendship Year
What is the best title of the passage ? Complex jobs may protect memory	'Aging affects brain health
If Lily wants to get free delivery , she should join club June 30th	'accumulate 6 bonus points
According to the text , Jones finds that dogs speak eyes body language	'dogs usually speak through verbal signals
What does this passage mainly talk about ? How learn people 's strengths shortcomings .	'How to use the shortcomings of others to reflect upon ourselves .
The business area on the island side of Hong Kong is referred to as Central District	'the Hong Kong Metro
Simon Walker 's main purpose of writing the letter is to urge Cosmo Books Ltd. take away books ordered	'argue about sending him books he had not ordered
The passage mainly talks about aumor 's experiences America	'the first snow in Bangladesh
What does the boy think of mistakes ? Sometimes mistake good thing .	'Mistakes are not welcome .
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? The Thanksgiving dinner offered Old Gentleman dinner .	'Only the Old Gentlemen observed Thanksgiving Day traditions .
What can we learn from the passage ?    Adu gets $ 500,000 year lives happily mother .	'As a child 
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Summer camps students	'Summer camps for future
If you want to write to someone in Edinburgh that lies in Scotland , you should write the address as Edinburgh , Scotland , Great Britain	'Great Britain 
After hearing what the worker said , the author would probably learn take positive attitude job appreciate valuable things life .	'go climbing the Golden Gate and the Berkeley hills to have a vacation .
Bowman 's experiment reveals that when it comes to politics , attractiveness obstacle benefit women	'turns out to be an obstacle to men
Why is Dr. Michael Rich against the new tool ? Because n't really involve many senses .	"""Because it does great harm to kids ' eyesight ."
One of the reasons why men choose to stay at home is that women better work	'children hate to stay with their mothers
The purpose of this passage is . warn us bad effects smoking IQ thinking	'to tell us why people are addicted to smoking
"."" ... Old is suddenly in "" ( Line 1 , Para . 1 ) most probably means ""   gerontology suddenly become popular"	'America has suddenly become a nation of old people
What can we learn about the Book Nook ? It well - located bookstore .	'Any books can be found right there .
How about the bionic eye created by Mark Humayun now ? It help blind see man test .	"""It can be implanted into the blind people 's eyes ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? It 's believed features babies universally considered cute .	'It is   ly wise to judge people by the way they look .
From the text we learn that quarter physicians Kansas old ideal doctors	'Salina has a population of 500
Which of the following is the best title of this passage ? Things remember bad day	'Every person has to go through hard times
According to the passage , if you want to increase daily success , you 'd better work clean desk	'get as much sleep as possible
It can be inferred from the story that Beth trained dog well	"'Beth is now twenty years old', ""the writer does n't bother to give Beth a hand"
This passage mainly tells us something about anti aging creams	'anti aging foods
Which of the following is TRUE about the experiments evidence ? It shows people 's sleeping well helps lot .	'It helps scientists control memories .
According to the passage , all the following are right EXCEPT The World Islands bigger Palm Jumeriah .	'Some Dutch engineers are experienced in reclaiming land from the sea .
What is the main idea of the passage ? The advantages disadvantages television .	'How to make use of the television .
According to Nick Gibb , grasp of basic subjects early on in primary school is important for children 's development future	"'the primary curriculum reform', ""children 's educational equality"
What can we learn from the passage ? The author good time mother still alive .	'The author decides to learn taking photos in Australia .
What can we learn about Mr. Willowby 's Christmas Tree ? tells us giving bring pleasure us .	"""it tells about a boy 's journey through the forest ."
Why did n't the writer help his son ? Because busy sweeping leaves .	'Because his wife is better at making a sign .
What can we conclude from the passage ? One minute means lot commuters .	'The courtesy minute exists in many cities in the US .
According to the passage , Duran may agree with the following except that new schedule allow families free time	'women will probably benefit from the new schedule
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The US army produced chocolate bars necessary soldiers .	'The US soldiers used the chocolate bars as bath soap .
What is the difference in prize - awarding practices between China and the West ? Western awards tend honor individual scientists first come new idea method	"'Chinese science awards are mainly presented to individual scientists ', ' instead of projects', ""Chinese believes that the advancement of science comes from individuals ' creative minds"
It is hoped that ROSLA will give all children chances society	'a more enjoyable time at school
Which of the following is NOT true ? Peter needs pay gets Internet .	'Henry had an experience of using the Internet to book a cheap flight .
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Keep animals protect .	'Use the Internet 
Which of the following would best serve as the title for the passage ? New systems , safer driving	'New technology 
It can be inferred from the article that Dell devoted study college	"'Dell was tired of his college life', ""Dell 's college life helped him greatly"
Why are researches on parrots important according to the passage ? We need know preserve parrots .	'The Trust shows great concern for the programme .
"What does Bart refer to by saying "" chips are our destiny "" ? Chips last choice future ."	'Chips are on the way to controlling mind .
In the United States Few married women used work outside	'married women are lazier than their husbands .
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Never Leave Children Unsupervised With Dogs	'Dogs 
Which is the best title for the story ? An Unusual Bet	'Doctors Are Clever
How does Morioka highlight the weekly offered book ? By organizing meetings writers readers .	'By offering flowers to customers .
Which of the following is not true according to the passage ? You download open application form complete online computer .	'You can download and print the application form and write the answers by hand .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Rare New Year 's Eve Blue Moon Ring 2010	'Blue Moon to Take Us Good Fortune
Who eats the apples ? Other animals .	'Dog .
What is worrying the scientists is that children spend time TV tile Internet playing outside	"""most parents pay no attention to their children 's playing"
The writer quoted Steve Jobs ' speech to prove great pursuit satisfying jobs	"'the romantic idea of "" fit theory """
From the passage we can learn that positive intentions day great help .	'past regrets or hurts can make you older and wiser .
"The book""The Second Stage"" condition women 's movement"	'was popular among young women readers
Which of the following is True according to the passage ? Northern Scotland little - inhabited remote .	'It is suggested that as a form of holiday entertainment the cinema is the best place to go in bad weather .
Which of the following statements is true ? When finish last step , get main idea details .	'In the last step 
Which of the following statements does NOT belong to the Irish stereotype ? Irishmen hot - tempered drinkers .	'Most Irish people are always very lazy .
The Canfield newspaper gave a report just opposite to The Beldon Post by saying that firemen failed save clothing , bedclothes things	"""the bedroom lamps were very old at some of the Seabreeze 's hotels"
It can be learned from the passage that the essential reason for the worsening air conditions in China is sharp growth coal consumption recent years	'the rapid increase of motor vehicles in cities
It 's clear the writer of the reading understands die - hard fans ' behavior	'is against the die - hard fans
Which of the following might be the best title of the passage ? Bumblebees make false memories .	'Human memory can fail sometimes .
What happened to the first batch of sweet corn ? The rain prevented first corn growing .	'Some raccoons made the corn a total crop failure .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? The Museum far British Museum .	'In any case people can not visit the Museum after 17:00 .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? In total , 30 trees planted neighborhood .	'This is the first time that the neighborhood has done tree - planting .
Which would be the best title for this passage ? We 're Alone Together Internet	"""We 're Alone on the Internet"
According to the text , which of the following is TRUE ? People often lie avoid hurting others .	'Some people can be honest all the time .
Which of the following is important in building one 's vocabulary of a foreign language ? Reviewing words time time	'Listening to tapes in the language .
What information will probably be provided following TELP term dates ? TELP fees	'TELP description
Which of the following is true according to the text ? Researchers come Footwear Library data .	'The oldest exhibits in Room 1 were made in the 1950s .
The passage mainly tells us about general introduction eggplant	'the 23rd annual Loomis Eggplant Festival
The best title for the text may be Use Humor Effectively .	'Various Kinds of Humor .
Why does saving money in Japan take more time ? Its cost living higher .	'It offers a lower salary .
What is Tim McAfee 's opinion about smoking ? He concerned teens using e - cigarettes .	'Adults should use harmless e - cigarettes .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Different choices putting money away US .	'The importance of saving money .
What led Franklin to talk with U.S. captains ? U.S. ships could sail Atlantic faster U.S. ones .	'U.S. ships were longer than British ones .
The author admits that baseball may seem boring watched TV	'football is more attracting than baseball
In the author 's opinion , why did n't Mrs. Pathak give the answers to the questions sometimes ? Because wanted students find .	"""Because she did n't like answering the questions ."
What 's the best title for the passage ? Do n't Pay Kids Good Grades	'Tips on Paying Kids for Good Grades
According to this passage , the true statement about human fingerprints is that people 's fingerprints change lives	"""people 's fingerprints sometimes can be passed on from parents to children"
According to the text , what should you do before returning the radio for service ? Check whether certain problems exist .	'Consult the telephone book for local repair service .
What Ben Wheeler said means exact reasons proposed research	'the British public health is decreasing
Which of the following is the best statement of Andy 's position ? How one dresses expression one 's individuality .	'Teenagers should never follow the latest fashions in dress .
What is the best title of the passage ? Mental Training Helped Elderly Stay Sharp Years	'Four groups of old people were trained mentally .
In the writer 's dream , what part of the house attracted him most ? The liveliness sensed around house .	'The greenery surrounding the house .
Which course is allowed to take online ? Course 4 .	'Course 3 .
Why was it hard for the father to make a decision at first ? The two horses quite similar .	'The prices of the horses were different .
Which of the following does NOT stop fresh graduates realizing their dreams of being bosses ? Less skilled English language .	'The lack of business opportunity and investment .
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? The garden lay waste Grandpa passed away .	'The garden was dug by Grandparents during the Great Depression .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? Tom Sawyer 's experience inspired Mark Twain create work .	"'Mark Twain wanted to be a firefighter after he knew Tom Sawyer .', ""Tom Sawyer saved Mark Twain 's life in a terrible fire"
Phil White , a father , found the buckle of his girl 's helmet broken , he can    buy new bicycle helmet	'mend the bicycle helmet himself
The passage mainly tells     . light slowed vacuum	'light travels slowest through a lens
According to the passage the author intends encourage people visit grandparents	'to imply few take care of their grandparents
Which of the following statements is RIGHT ? Black bears live 30 years old .	'Black bears sleep through the winter months .
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? It 's easy young couple look old couple .	'One - child policy has its advantages and disadvantages .
We can learn from the passage that expensive clothes worth prices	'expensive clothes are warmer
From the passage , we can know Kate n't know parents buy	"""does n't like a doll"
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? The argument n't ended yet .	'The quality of life is not as important as life itself .
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? Ben Olsen deep love country .	'Ben Olsen scored three goals in 1999 .
What can be inferred from the passage ? Dawn Loggins independent .	"""Dawn Loggins ' parents abused drugs ."
Which of the following is true about the members of Mayday ? Before got famous , rock band called Mayday .	'Each member plays a part separately in the rock band .
The writer probably agrees that consider others ' response act assertively	"'you should be assertive if you want to get good marks', ""assertiveness is the ability to infringe others ' rights ."
Which is TRUE ? Mike missed grandma .	"""The old lady is Mike 's grandma ."
What is the main idea of the passage ? The earthquake Chile moved cities .	'The earthquake in Chile was dangerous .
"Why does the word "" Dutch "" often have a negative meaning in English ? Because 17thcentury , Dutch often fought British ."	'Because in the 17thcentury 
We can conclude from the passage that long term effects implants yet known	'Mr. Donelson has made a large sum of money by the piercing .
What is mainly talked about in the passage ? How protect encourage children 's creativity .	'How creative artists and architects can be .
People consider granola bar a healthy snack because contains vitamins nutrients	'it provides much fat
In regenerative braking , energy wasted conventional cars stored battery	'the conventional brakes are used to slow down the car
Which of the following best expresses the main idea of the passage ? True ability always make known .	'Fred Astaire was a famous dancer .
Which is the best title of the story ? One million	'Two tennis players
When did Viseskul begin to show her interest in Chinese music ? When parents brought back home CDs .	'When she first had the chance to listen to music .
Why does stopping using a credit card to buy anything at any time bring happiness ? Because process saving money waiting thing want makes feel valuable .	"""Because it helps stop buying things one actually does n't need"
According to the text , we know that charge Museum Dirt .	'Michael will never stop painting the large ball .
What would be the best title for the passage ? The meaning language	'The culture of different countries
The best title of the passage could be New Satellite Helps China 's Space Exploration	"'China Launched a New Space Shuttle', ""China 's Plan for Space Exploration"
What is the best title for this news story ? Organic Food -- Healthy , Just Wealthy ?	'The Making of Organic Food in Britain
According to the passage , the reason why some people do n't want a pet may be that pets never escape death makes people sad	'animals may change our belief structure
Which of the following is NOT TRUE about Goodbye , Mr. Loser ? It popular Lost Hong Kong .	'It tells about a common middle - aged man .
Visitors sometimes find Americans behave in a strange , confusing or unbelievable way , probably because view Americans according values society	'Americans are hard to understand
What happened to Luke ? He discovered cruel father :	'His father changed him into a cyborg .
People who go to the site Twitter or Facebook mostly want to meet people make friends	'get more books to read
What will the received donations of this year be used for ? Helping Southern Californians get ready disasters .	'Helping Japanese and Haitian defeat earthquakes .
"The feature of the "" coal - mine - themed "" ride is 3Dtechnologies"	'indoor rides
We can learn from the passage that Orchard Road Singapore 's best shopping street	'the Great Singapore Sale is held twice a year
Which is the best title of the passage ? Online shopping China .	"""Wang Lin 's life ."
We learn from the text that in 2008 Wind power would Be leader renewaBle energy .	'Biomass might Become the main energy source
From the article , we can learn Alcott never married life	'Alcott was born into a rich family
What is the best title for the passage ? Will U.S Pay Workers Family Leave ?	'How to reform the Rules of Paid Leave in the U.S.
The author mentions a short film about the Tacoma Narrows Bridge to show inspired Yanez create generator	'how the bridge was destroyed in strong wind
Who might be the person that screamed ? An actress .	"'Jack himself .', ""Jack 's mother ."
The youngest angel was very angry because old angel treated two families differently	"""the old angel killed the farmer 's cow"
The teacher asked the boy to rewrite the paper because teacher doubted chance success	'the boy was too poor to achieve his dream
What can be inferred from the text ? Water highly valued Hittites .	'There was a serious shortage of water in ancient Anatolia
Which of the following is NOT the habit that will possibly result in a lack of nutrition ? Staying front computer meal .	'Often eating small snacks .
With respect to educational plans , the author advises parents respect children 's choices	'children to do as they are told
Who boasted the most ? Gavin .	'Ted .
The main reason for one 's poor memory is that memory often used	"'he does not use his arms or legs for some time', ""he ca n't read or write"
The fox was sad because ' go back	"'the monkey was laughing', ""he couldn ' t reach the apples"
What is the passage mainly about ? Millionaires like dogs Americans .	"'Keeping dogs as pets is quite popular among Americans .', ""Pet dogs help relieve their owners ' anxiety and depression ."
We can learn from this text that student would probably pass exam	'someone died in the exam
From the passage we know that Ben Lomond near Scotland 's largest freshwater lake	"""Scotland 's islands mainly lie in the north"
Searching has written this letter with the purpose of meeting single people online	'winning the heart of a love from the web .
His parents decided to take him to hospital when he could n't stop hiccupping	'hiccupped for four seconds
Which of the following is the best title ? No Sudan 1 dye links country	'How Sudan1 dye got its name ?
What 's the most special about the plane ? It uses fuel	"""It 's the fastest plane"
To help teens organize their lives , parents should share feelings teens .	"""invite their teens ' friends home ."
"What does "" Tuhao "" mean now ? The rich find class belong ."	'The rich who like iPhone made of gold .
What is the text mainly about ? The reasons people go hiking .	"'The popularity of hiking in the world today .', ""Hiking 's benefits for health ."
The passage focuses on whether children suffer parents ' divorce	'whether parents should divorce
According to the passage , Pluto is planet orbit around sun	'a planet which has a clear neighborhood around its orbit
What made Mr Bartley 's skin white ? The liquid whale 's stomach .	"""The whale 's teeth ."
After he heard the driver 's analysis , Doyle concluded that driver real life - copy story	'the driver was Sherlock Holmes
What is the passage mainly about ? A study link eating speed energy intake .	'New research findings about how to control eating rate .
Who got or will get married in spring ? Not Lawlis Clarke also Isbell Foss .	'Neither Lawlis and Clarke nor Isbell and Foss .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? People learn speak politely .	'When and how to use correct language is important .
Mary Madden was surprised at the result that adult Internet users looked information	'fewer and fewer adult Internet users are looking for information about themselves
What could be the best title of this passage ? A wandering man	'A crazy man
Why did people give the driver money ? Because felt sorry .	'Because they knew the old man .
Which of the followings is NOT true ? Stress always working living pressure .	'The threat of work - related stress is bigger than cancer and AIDS .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Special dogs make people 's life much easier .	'Special dogs can do what people can not do .
What about English in Brussels ? English increasingly eclipsing French .	'Many people are studying English .
According to the passage , compared with dogs , monkeys and chimpanzees pay attention type reward well whether rewarded	'pay no attention to the type of reward
What can we learn from the passage ? Japanese food greatly influenced cultures .	'Japanese food changed most during the medieval period .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Who Controls My Life ?	'Blame ! Blame ! Blame !
What 's the best title of the passage ? A Boss Who Took Chance	'A Young Man Who Had an Interview
We can infer that the founder of the website intended to help teachers improve teaching	"'get the students to know their teachers better', ""conduct a survey on teachers ' performance"
"Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? The word "" spa "" passage refers kind treatment water ."	'El Tatio ranks third in the coverage of springs with highest altitude in the world .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Michael 's farm large car reach end day .	"'Michael owned a large farm in Ireland .', ""Michael 's car was in such poor condition that it could n't reach the end of the farm within a day ."
Frito - Lay 's executives claim that the promoting of American food in the international market interest local people	"""wo n't affect the eating habits of the local people"
What is the best title for this passage ? The Rainbow Lorikeets	'Birds in Group
What was Augustyn 's purpose in launching the Facebook page ? To ask donations dog .	'To ask a vet to help treat the dog .
This passage is mainly about three disabled bikers 2012 Paralympic Games	"'the hard training for the 2012 Paralympic Games', ""the disabled bikers ' competition in London"
How did the writer prove the existence of Santa Claus as false ? He stayed night Christmas Eve saw Santa come chimney .	"'He found that Santa was all - knowing and could make the deliveries accurate', ""He did n't send out his Christmas letter but still got his Christmas present"
Which of the following is NOT true ? You go banks hotels change money .	'Yellow and red flags show the safe place to swim .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Too much pressure bad health .	'No stress should be avoided .
My grandfather is head teacher boy 's school	'a boy at a school . In that school 
What kind of class is this ? Both A B	'A Chinese cooking class
Which of the following is true ? Things living water emphasized Sea World .	'In Movie World 
What can we learn from this article ? The purpose camp give diseased children caring love .	'The camp was intended for those talented in singing and dancing .
According to the article , one thing you should pay attention to about making mistakes is taking consequences consideration1 ]	'avoiding making the same mistakes
The reason why names should be chosen carefully is that names affect see	'good names can make us succeed .
Who wants to play volleyball ? Jim .	'Peter .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Nobody likes know reason things go wrong .	"'"" Unfortunately "" can be used to tell the bad news ."
What made Holiday develop a new way of controlling tempo ? Her voiced style .	'Jazz instrumentalists .
According to the passage , the dangers of watching TV too much included all the following except that television make us active	"""television encourages us to buy things that we do n't need"
At first , Father 's Day was fixed on June 19th because Sonora honored father father 's birthday	"""Sonora 's birthday was June 19"
Who will visit Cragmama.com website ? The families take interest rock climbing .	'The families who have brought up a child .
When he woke up , Rocky found truck turned	'found his mother had fallen asleep
Aviad Sheinin 's words suggest that uncertain happen dolphins	'the dolphins might affect the existence of fishes in Haifa port
From this passage we can learn author young longer present	'the season the author describes is the meet of late autumn and early winter
What is Mary Laver planning to do ? Travel across Britain power wheelchair .	'Travel to write a power wheelchair adventure .
What do we know about Andrew ? He studied France .	"""He once flew over the world 's highest waterfalls ."
Which two types of drinks may make you overweight ? Carbonated fruit juice .	'Energy drinks and sports drinks .
"The phrase "" to get on with reading "" in the first passage has the same meaning as ""   try understand main idea book"	'to try to grasp the meaning of every sentence in the book
According to the passage , it is clear that people walking country may come across lion	'the reported sightings of mountain lions have not been proved
Why was the race going to be exciting ? Because Mark Jim good runners .	'Because it was a 3000 meters race .
This passage is about English listening , speaking , reading writing	'pronunciation 
What is implied in the passage about hypothermia ? It threaten person 's life .	'It means the body temperature falls rapidly .
The author 's brother wrote the letter to give hand need help	'ask for help from his neighbors
Locals of the Oregon coast are afraid of the relay because many people go	'the relay will last a long period
Mrs. White trusts Jim because 's able	"""he 's young"
Which might be the best title of the passage ? Alibaba Plans Take Unit Private	'Alibaba Has Cash Rich Split
From Paragraphs 2 and 3 , we can learn that Derrius encouraged lot biology teacher	'always studied hard in school
Why were there so many Japanese reporters in the Stock Exchange Building in Stockholm 's Old Town ? They expected Haruki Murakami would win prize .	'They were waiting there to report who would win the 2013 Nobel Prize in 2013 .
We learn from the passage that course London Marathon flat	'the whole distance of the London marathon is 26 kilometers and 385 yards
.   What is the point of the article ? To comment significance royal wedding .	"""To introduce Prince William 's wedding arrangements in detail ."
The author thinks windbreaks are interesting because windbreaks allow wind pass	'windbreaks can stop the wind getting through
Which is the best title ? Pets Doctors	'A Dog Doctor
Which of the following statements is true according to the ads ? The director Story Puppets combines different operas .	'Green Hat is based on a famous novel acted by some American artists .
The greatest help the passage gives us is suggest way eating healthy life	'to introduce a food guide to the world
New technologies could travel along the Silk Road because people 1earned one another	'traded goods along the route
What happened to the boy ? His sister died car accident .	'His father left him with his mother .
What 's passage mainly about ? Food waste solution	'How to save food
What can be inferred from the text ? Windbreaks contribute agriculture harvests . .	'Trees and plants from abroad are the best for windbreaks .
Which of the following statements is true ? The Missouri River flooded every hundred years past .	'Hansen thought we have already experienced the full effect of the global warming .
Why could n't Mr. Smith go to work one day ? Because felt ill	"""Because he did n't want to work"
Why does the woman dress her children in the same clothes ? Because wants see children easily among others	'she has so many children
What Hilary Pearl intends to express is that one look forward instead complaining present situation	'work is just a stage of our whole life
This text is most probably written for English beginners	'native English speakers
The schools in Wuhan introduced the desks with bars to the primary school students in order to help students correct posture	'make students grow tall
What 's FALSE according to the passage ? Finland heaven immoral people always take advantages freely .	'All the taxi - passengers come back to pay their fare after they have attended to their business .
"What is the purpose of Walton 's carrying out "" profit sharing plan "" ? To encourage employees work hard make joint efforts ."	'To make sure all the employees had their own shares .
What preference can pronoun use reflect ? Democratic followers likely see morals values deriving individualistic ideas .	"""That pronoun use could not reflect people 's political views ."
In some areas in the United States , people ca n't find cigarette machines because    people n't want children get cigarettes	"""people do n't need cigarette machines any more"
What Can we infer about the British workers ? They dream colleagues boss .	'Most of their dreams are work - related .
The article is intended to warn young people risk taking drug Ecstasy	"""explain the bad effects of drugs on people 's health"
Which of the following is true ? The rich man pay boy work .	"'The boy was waiting for the rich man that day .', ""Mr. Miser did n't want to have his shoes cleaned ."
What can be learned from the text ? Tegan 's father often played games .	'Tegan was unhappy to be left alone at the gathering .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Ben 's mother Chinese teacher .	"""Ben 's family is big ."
Which of the following statements is not true ? In U.S , women almost always walk closer running cars .	'In Europe 
Where did the old man promise   to take Mr. Green ? To SunHotel .	"""To Mr. Green 's house ."
School uniforms are becoming more and more popular and important because     students dressed way , pay much attention clothing .	'they can stop the powerful social sorting and labeling .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Secrets Obama 's successful speeches .	"""Obama 's successful speeches ."
Which one is true ? Most kids speak English better Chinese .	'Most kids speak Chinese better than English .
What can we infer from the passage ? Skills important children 's reading development .	'Parents are more important than teachers for little children .
Two secret agents protect Chuck from danger because Chuck knows spy secrets	'Chuck works at the CIA
In the passage , the author implies that good teacher change student 's life	"""people should n't believe what doctors say"
What 's the author 's purpose of writing such a passage ? To recall family tradition first day school .	'To prove change is the only thing that seems constant .
We can learn from the text that experts trying make robots help miners dangerous work	'a mining robots can help miners have an operation
What can we conclude from the behavior of tired children ? They behave differently adults .	'They need to eat something before sleeping .
According to the passage , the writer thinks that would standards without external examinations	'changing the standards could mean the end of equality
From the passage we can infer that if Maveleone had been a well - know artist customs officer would n't valued painting $ 140	"""he would n't have sold his painting at such a low price"
Why does Siddiqui say the case of the sleepwalking woman is unique ? The sleepwalking woman took lot complex actions .	'Two of her e - mails sent while sleepwalking seemed like works from outer space .
What can we learn from the passage ? There barriers MOOCs replace present education system .	'Most of the MOOCs focus on professional training for college graduates .
What could a man do if he told a lie according to some judges in old England ? He could swallow dry bread .	'He could eat a lot of food .
What is the biggest problem in today 's life ? Pollution	'Water pollution
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? I learned lot experience volunteer .	'I learned how to be a better teacher at first .
When Mr. Coates got out of the lift he cold , weak , hungry tired	"""would n't work there any more"
According to the passage , the show lets people think role fathers modern families	"""gives audiences the chance to raise the star 's children themselves"
Why do the people prefer the supermarket dating to Internet dating ? The supermarket dating trusted .	'The supermarket dating is more convenient .
Why does the writer first mention the 30,000-year - old animals skulls ? To suggest dogs may evolved much earlier	'To show that dogs were much larger in the past
Who was the small man ? No one knew .	"""The host 's guest ."
What do volunteers believe ? Bringing happiness others make happiest people world .	'The happiest people in the world are those who join some clubs .
The reason why the daughter died of multiple organ failure was that close contact father caring sick father .	'she fell ill with a very high temperature 
Which of the following statements is WRONG according to the passage ? AM Chicago local newspaper Chicago .	"""Oprah 's father had a great effect   on her ."
The organization , S.K.I. , aims to give business training loans street children	'provide schools and social support for street children
"What 's the meaning of ""   Some children ca n't remember parents look like ."	"'Some children lost their parents .', ""Some children could n't find their parents ."
Money ca n't be the same as time because money used , make , ca n't time	"'when the time is gone ', ' we can get it back ', "" but we ca n't do it with money"
According to the passage we can know that young woman n't know old man	'the young woman is a careless person
Panama disease destroys bananas seriously Black Sigatoka disease	"""does n't belong to fungal disease"
Why is school counseling becoming important ? Parents pupils much pressure .	"'Pupils are not well protected in school .', ""Parents ca n't help their children in learning ."
Which is of the following is the writer 's opinion ? Li became first Asian player ever win Slam .	'She was the first Chinese player to win a WTA title .
We can know from the passage that paintings raised people 's hope future	'her paintings expressed the reality of her old age
"What 's the meaning of the word""metropolitan""in the middle of the passage ? Of large city suburbs"	'Of small and large towns
Why does the writer write this passage ? To prove iPad good effect Mrs. Comer 's life .	'To tell us the secrets of how Mrs. Comer keeps healthy .
From the passage we know that Russia outperfoumed three countries stock market	'Anders Aslund is working for the Russian government
What to you think is the theme of the story ? True human nature could realized way treat .	'Everyone can develop his team spirit in sports and please his parents .
The film is named Elephantbecause elephant used suggest school crime big problem	'an elephant is a symbol of big problems in American schools
What can be a suitable title for the text ? Tips Keep Safe Your Feet	'Things Every Driver Should Know
From the text we know that Huang suffered disease journey .	'They stay on the boat at night .
Which of the following is FALSE according to the passage ? The writer doubted ability teaching .	'The writer became better at teaching foreign students .
What do we learn about social media from the first Q and A ? Personal privacy inaccessible online control customized .	'It is illegal to keep track of personal privacy on Facebook .
When do experts think of the new law ? The law protect people 's rights life health	'The law is not kind to drunk drivers
What can we learn about the Hatches ? They gave away possessions neighbors .	'They left the old house to live on their family farm .
According to the study , older people predicted their life satisfaction more accurately because outlook future realistic	'they were more satisfied with their lives
Which expression can best describe the feeling when a student has to see his headmaster ? Heart one 's mouth .	"'A broken heart .', ""Lose one 's heart ."
The score of the Holmes - Rahe test shows much pressure unde	'how you can deal with life - changing events
The data in Para . 2 is mainly to prove that result Jing 's research believable	"""Jing 's research is more complicated than Michael R. Phillip 's"
By quoting    the remark of a being from another planet , the author intends to suggest human beings controlled clock	'describe why clocks can rule the planet Earth
You want to spend the same day at two different places and do n't want to cross any street . Which of the following is your best choice ? Folk Music The Derby Arms Heavy Music Tony Simon The Bull .	"""The sing - along at the Black Horse and Jazz at The Bull 's Head ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Black captives Union regiment killed Lincoln 's call .	"""The Civil War 's purpose was to drive the black away ."
""" The Picture House""encourages sharing photos of its food to attract customers"	'raise the price of frozen food
We can infer from the passage that companies found ways replace animal tests	'animals normally get no strange diseases
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? The movie The Sound Music filmed Austria .	'Salzburg is famous for Anderson 
If you get 17/F / NY as an answer to your A / S / L , it means talking girl 17 lives New York	'you are talking to 17 girls who are from New York
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? Without marriage , one woman better raise kids .	'The more children women have 
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? High Tech , Under Skin	'Data - input Jacks 
The author feels embarrassed for making good use time mother	'blaming her mother wrongly
Kodi Keith Avila stays in China running his business because encouraged seized business opportunity	'he is on a scholarship program as a student of University of Hawaii
How do people celebrate the Dragon Boat Festival ? People celebrate festival eating zongzi , racing dragon boats .	'People celebrate this festival by eating eggs .
Why did Karen firmly let little Michael see his sister in ICU ? Because sister going die soon .	'Because he could make his sister alive .
In one special program in New York State , young and older people friendly one another	'teach one another new ways of building houses
Why are parents advised not to offer young children more money in advance ? To show make budget .	'To save money for larger costs .
Why did n't the Swiss army purchase the Swiss Officer 's Knife ? The new design considered necessary officers .	'The design of the knife was too simple .
Eyewitness testimony is important because sometimes way resolve court cases .	'it is sometimes the only clue for police investigation .
The passage is mainly about mass beaching whales happens	'that whales and dolphins may make mistakes as well as human beings
What is Saturn 5 ? A series rockets sent astronauts moon .	'An unmanned space shuttle that was once famous in the world .
What is the best title of this passage ? Bedroom TVs good teenagers .	'Researchers found watching TV is harmful .
From the story we might guess that Jim n't seem likeable first	'the writer liked Jim from the start
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Never airline passengers blacklisted .	"'At no time should flights be delayed ', ' whatever the reasons .', ""Members of the cabin crew should be at the passengers ' service at any moment ."
What is the purpose of this passage ? To introduce Social Security works America .	'To introduce the importance of Social Security .
The passage mainly discusses new way highway speed control	'a new pattern for painting highway
Why is Lao She Teahouse a special place ? It shows life old Beijing people .	'It shows something new in Beijing .
Which of the following medicines can be bought without a prescription ? Nicotine patches .	'Nicotine inhalers .
The passage suggests that critics of the new technology worried people would separated real world	'worried that friends would never meet in person
When the young man played a joke on him , the servant was not angry but smiled because afraid fired	"""he liked the young man ' s action"
The use of psychological therapy is helpful to some patients in that patients ' attitudes towards changed	'the medical effect is better with psychological therapy than without it
The writer thinks home - schooling good aspects	'parents can do a better job than schools
Which of the following is Hoefle 's approach to educating kids about charity ? Giving children enough real life chances .	'Giving courses about charity .
This advertisement is mainly attract tourists Paris	'to tell tourists the route to Paris
We know from the passage that the writer seems to support opinions Mr. Green Rick van Baaren tipping	"""object to Mr. Green 's idea about tipping"
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Barbie criticized many young girls today .	'Barbie was created by Ruth Handler in 1959 .
What did Peary and Henson find in 1895 ? The North Pole located Artic Ocean .	'Greenland is near the Artic Ocean .
"If someone says to you "" Will you come for coffee , "" you asked chat"	'will be offered coffee only
Having financial knowledge , high school students are probably able to avoid risk future financial trouble	'smooth their way for college
The Mexican pine willow - like needles	'is the oldest species of pine .
According to the passage , which conclusion is WRONG ? Sedums kind plants native Texas .	"'Sometimes green roofs may break down the house .', ""Not all the green roofs can reduce the building 's air conditioning costs equally ."
The passage shows that the world 's future depends on connections among young people	'getting good grades
The author suggests people use results personality test later job searches	'have confidence during the job search
The writer writes the passage in order to     Appeal whole society take seriously try solve	'Display the happy life of the old in China
What right do the B&Bs reserve ? To refuse bookings guest age 18 .	'To charge extra PS10 for bookings with no vouchers .
In the study , what were the teachers required to do ? Tell feelings math problems .	'Prepare two math achievement tests for the students .
Which of the following sentences is not true ? Without leaving home , get money bank radio .	'The Internet can get the information faster than reading .
When he was in China , Marco polo saw many wonderful things	'discovered CaiLun invented paper
Which of the following covers the passage best ? Inner beauty real beauty .	'How do attractive persons become successful ?
Which of the following statements would the author most likely disagree with ? The future promise many useful inventions .	'There are many interesting inventions in the world today .
"What does "" Its hardware "" in Paragraph 6 refer to ? The hardware Google Nexus 7 ."	'The hardware of tablet computers .
From the story , we know that people airport cold care others time	'Dana finally took the plane on time with the help of a young airline employee
From the article we know    It 's easy film program	'A Bite of China is very popular in the foreign countries
Which of the following is Not true ? The accident happened Longkou Shandong Province Lushun Liaoning Province .	'The fighting of the people on board against the strong winds and freezing ocean water lasted several hours .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Woman wants dog back stolen car	'A car with a dog was stolen
The whole story is about warm help cold rainy evening	'dirty tricks by poor teenage boys
What is implied in the film Breakfast in Tiffany 's according to the passage ? One elegant wearing simply .	'One can be active by wearing black .
Why were the scientists extremely happy about their new discovery ? They first find new way produce electricity .	'They could make an electric current to light a light bulb .
The author easily built a team for his company because confident author business	'they were turned down by other companies
If you are thirteen , you    Must pay 49 yuan lunch Sunday Family Buffet	"""ca n't buy one "
Why do we need to save polar bears ? For source food .	'For the predators in the ecosystem .
To achieve better shopping experiences , customers are advised to voice dissatisfaction store managers directly	'exert pressure on stores to improve their service
Which of the following may be the best title for the passage ? Golf Caddying Future Success .	'Legend of Peter Lynch .
It can be inferred from the passage that in the past workers often got ill poor working conditions	'companies were free to put out any products they wanted to
We can learn from the text that in the first shop the writer asked shopkeeper repair chair	'asked the shopkeeper to buy his chair
In the passage , all the psychiatrists study dream dreaming different ideas	'believe dreams can help people understand all the problems that they face
From what Professor Huang says , we can learn that Consumers ' reaction plays vital role company 's survival micro - blog community .	"""Advertising information will lead to micro - bloggers ' great anger"
What happened twenty - eight years later after the baby 's birth ? Bill 's son helped make dream come true .	'Bill received a gold medal from Finland .
From the text we can learn that the sun beginning food chains	'forms a food chain
Who makes breakfast in Molly 's family ? Molly 's mother .	'Molly .
What should we learn from the passage ? One must n't greedy .	'weshould catch monkeys in this way .
Why were hats with sensors used in the study ? To record electrical activity baby 's brain .	'To record the images on the computer screen .
The feature provided by some search engines can help you to know quickly new mention name personal information	'prevent any new mention of your name or other personal information
Which of the following can be the best title ? Best learning takes place time	"""It 's time to shorten the learning process"
According to this passage , we can learn that Alan first gardening books editor	'Alan wrote many books about food
It 's suggested that the author opportunist traveler	'went hiking on El Altar
What does the author mainly argue for ? Twain done contemporary writers attack racism .	"'Twain was an admirable figure comparable to Abraham Lincoln .', ""Twain 's works had been banned on unreasonable grounds ."
The author thinks he will have a difficult August because read books boring right kids	"""he does n't like reading in summer vacation"
Why is economic inequality still great in the US in spite of the economic growth ? Because proportion income received rich poor remains almost 1917 .	'Because the economic growth has widened the gap of the family income between the rich and the poor .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The government set fixed timetable new policy .	'All the Chinese people support the new policy .
People in the USA and Canada different opinions Thanksgiving	'all have the same opinion of Thanksgiving
Sir Steve Redgrave suggests that government schools raise awareness disabled children 's legal rights	'parents take greater efforts to ask the government and schools for help
What 's the advantage of using hair as a new solar energy source ? It cheap easy replace .	'It is a common but expensive component of solar panels .
In the 1990s , what company was Ford able to help recover from an unsuccessful period ? Gucci	'Yves Saint Laurent
Which of the following sentences best expresses the main idea ? Some words funny origins .	"""Captain Cook 's guide had a sense of humor ."
Sigmund Freud 's research was difficult because work hard patients talk freely	'he had to live with people who had troubled minds
Which of the following is not true ? Days long winter Britain .	'Many museums are not closed in winter .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Technology greatly changing music industry .	'People prefer to listen to music online nowadays .
From the text you know that Big Bend provides outdoor activities ancient way	'Barton Springs is the most popular in the USA
In his research , Gerald Wilde finds that technological advances and increases in safety standards achieved effect bringing number deaths	'have helped solve the problem of so high death rate
What do we learn from Big Blue Whale ? There used 10,000 blue whales .	'The number of the blue whale is increasing .
After moving to a new school , you should try	'listen to your teacher
It can be inferred from the passage that animation industry started United States	"""Walt Disney 's cartoon characters were born earlier that Pat Sullivan 's"
The author started to study English to know Michael Jackson music	'be an English teacher
At the end of the story , you 'll find that butcher found cheated clever animal	"'the dog was clever enough to write on the paper', ""the dog dared not go to the butcher 's any more"
We can conclude from the passage that friendships play major role people 's life	"""it 's enough for one person to have ten friends"
What is the passage mainly about ? Whether forbid bake sales schools .	'How to raise money for school programs .
"From the "" Spirit of London "" , visitors can learn history London"	'the tube of London
Alison Lo concluded that teenager raised talent strict parenting	'persistent 
What can the red light help drivers do ? A C	'It can make drivers stop in time .
In the passage , the author is talking to us about the problems of     living , working ocean	'pressure 
What is the general idea of the text ? It 's important follow social rules party - going .	"""It 's safe to arrive late just when food is served ."
What can we know about MOOCs from the passage ? Not free .	'They are popular among high school students .
In James Hoarley 's opinion , using others ' Internet service stealing	"'Internet service should be improved', ""it is hard to secure one 's wireless connection"
What can be learned from the passage ? The author still visit first physical home Los Angeles .	"""The author 's favorite room in her first home is the dining room ."
What 's the best title of the passage ? Danger sugar	'Living a sweet life
Teenagers have more freedom due to the following facts EXCEPT that parents longer influence	'they know more information than kids before
"When on the escalator , a majority of local people in Hong Kongg    follow "" stand right , wail left "" etiquette ."	'stand still as the railway stations require .
We can learn from the passage that Dickens interested performing writing	"'all the characters created by Dickens are popular', ""people prefer films based on Dickens ' novels to his works"
According to the passage which of the following is not TRUE ? The nuclear accident Japan worst nuclear power industry .	'Water people drink 
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Some critics n't like lotteries many poor people waste money .	"""Politicians like lotteries because they do n't have to pay extra tax ."
What may be the best title for the passage ? Learning Dan	'A student with disability
"Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? It uncertain whether "" brick click "" companies win competition ."	"'All the "" brick and click "" companies run a successful business ."
The passage is written mainly to show failure better teacher success	'introduce something about Prof Desai
Which of the following sentences is NOT true according to the passage ? The old lady n't know broke window .	'The author was a newsboy when he was twelve years old .
According to the passage , parents whose children show a special interest in a sport feel uncertain let children train sportsmen sportswomen	"""try to get financial support from the government for their children 's training"
What does the author want to tell us in the text ? Why robots take jobs .	'The industrial revolution led to the automation .
In this passage , the writer mainly suggests ways help unhappy people	'describes two types of people
We can infer from the passage that little pupils felt disappointed hearing news told teacher	"""the teacher was fired and could n't continue her career in teaching"
What is NOT true ? Mr. Brown 's face turns white , .	"""some people do n't like to live on the 13th floor ."
When some hairs are experiencing the period of Telogen , they stop growing	'slow down their growth
According to the passage , we can know wise man told boy happiness , directly	"""the boy did n't get the secret of the happiness at all"
What is the writer 's opinion about the energy ? Each natural energy advantages disadvantages .	'Try to use water energy more though it costs a lot .
What kind of advice does the text suggest about apologizing ? It 's good idea write letter apology soon something goes wrong .	"""It 's a good idea to send several emails to apologize and show you mean it ."
The new ringtones mentioned in the passage are used to raise people ' awareness wildlife protection	'develop a new website
Which of the following is NOT true , according to the passage ? The writer prizes best science English exams .	"""The writer did n't realize that her friendships with boys would cause problems ."
According to the passage , which of the following impressed the writer most ? Dad answered children 's Christmas letters every year .	'Dad read letters for a blind lady for years .
What can we learn from the passage ? Choo must thankful Vogue magazine .	'Choo was lucky enough when he was young .
Which of the following might be the best title of the passage ? Robotic Fly Imitates Real Life Insect	'Father of Robotic Fly
What does the author intend to show with AAAA cars and Zodiac cars ? An example unfairness caused alphabetism .	'Some advantages of AAAA cars in the taxi firm .
The passage mainly tells about nature quicksand	'what solid ground looks like
Which is the right colour for different rooms ? Orange dining - rooms .	'Red or orange for offices .
Which of the following can be the best title ? Graduates Who Can Only Dream Being Boss	'A Tough Job Market
What is an evaporative cooler ? A tall box used cool food without ice electricity .	'An ice box used to contain things .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Earthquake safety tips .	'Earthquakes in nature .
What would probably be the best title for this passage ? It 's Pigs ' Hometown	'An Old Man and His Three Sons
According to the text , Fan Fair Is time country music lovers get together	'lasts almost half a month every year .
Which of the following is TRUE from the passage ? More 100 special - blooded people join group .	'There are three blood types .
The Dangerous Sports Club first caught people 's attention when they jumped off Clifton Suspension Bridge	'the Kawarau Bridge
Which statement is NOT true according to this passage ? Richard n't drink evening lost policeman closed bar .	"'Young Smith had lost radio contact with the shore before he died .', ""Richard 's father had married two women at least ."
Which of the following statements is True ? With SIM card reader wo n't lose phone numbers .	'Fruit and vegetables can not be used as batteries to make a clock work .
.The writer of the passage suggests that something done make language pure	"'the Chinese language not have the word "" Ba """
"Why do parents like a "" back - to - school sale "" ? Because save money ."	'Because it has a variety of school supplies .
Fiona was a very popular girl because she kind friendly everyone	'gave her best friends presents
Why did the man take the baby to the supermarket ? He go shopping .	'He wanted to show the baby to his friend .
According to the passage , the Internet is usually used A B	'to get information from all over the world
What does the passage tell us about the donation process ? It wo n't affect donors ' health .	'It takes many hours .
What is suggested for a book review in this text ? Comparing book others similar subject .	'Quoting from other similar books .
We can learn from the passage that the author 's neighbour passive day energetic night	'almost always gets to work on time
How did scientists draw the conclusion that there was water on Mars ? Scientists made study pictures readings sent back Mars detector .	'Scientists have taken many pictures and chemical readings on the Mars .
Which of the following is TRUE about Mr. Jones ' teaching style ? He required students get prepared class discussions advance .	"""He assigned limited homework and quizzed to reduce students ' burden ."
Which of the following is Tree ? Educators say reading useful improving people 's   language skills .	"'Xing Mingyan ', ' a senior student ', ' especially likes Japanese funny books .', ""Jimmy Liao 's   serious stories made him well - known in China and other countries ."
The trouble the students in the school may have is that schools unlikely accept diploma school	'the government will have no voice in the school
From the article , we can conclude that stress makes people ignore negative side problems	'often leads people to take more risks
What would be the best title for the text ? Drinking Coffee May Prevent Some Cancers	'Drinking Coffee May Protect Some Cancers
According to the passage , which statement is not accurate ? Dad hurt left home never came back .	'A good - bye kiss from Dad in public made Frank so embarrassing that he refused to have one more kiss 
There are so many leftover children in the countryside because More peasants moving cities earn money .	'children can get better care at home   .
Which of the following is Dr . David 's opinion ? People 's metal power suffers lacking sleep .	"""Some people can remain energetic with only 6.5 hours ' sleep a night ."
It can be inferred from the story that Steiner inspired unfortunate wife win gold medal	'Chigishev was also the strongest in the second event
The article is mainly about children 's daily life Africa	"'education in Africa', ""children 's school life in Africa"
People can see all the animals at the Los Angeles Zoo at 3 pm . March 5	'11 am . on Christmas Day
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? An Unusual Class	'The First Female Astronaut
According to the writer , which of the following is a factor in the success of the book ? That author makes heroine spider .	'That there are many animals in the book .
The writer did n't tell us in this passage that basketball invented America	"'sports change with the seasons', ""games and sports often grow out of people 's work and everyday activities"
What can we learn from the article ? Puppy love bad student 's study .	"'Wang Ling told her mother she might fall in love with a boy .', ""Jiang 's mother does n't care about her at all ."
What 's the passage mainly about ? New research shows high self - esteem may helpful .	'High self - esteem is the key to success .
This passage is mainly about history use umbrella	'the sales of the umbrella
Which of the following is NOT true when he came back again ? Nobody saw either	'He was taken to the best table
To the author , the drink made of sprouted wheat might help digestion	'might make people who drank it throw up
What is the topic of this text ? How many hours day people spend watching content electronic devices	"""The bad effects on people 's health caused by using electronic devices too often ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to the text ? A team divers Norway entered submarine Kursk successfully Oct. 25	'If the rescue work did within 10~18 days 
It can be concluded that the Wheelers advocated idea traveling less money	'have only written two books about cheap traveling
The best title of the passage is How people west spend April Fool 's Day	'How British people celebrate their holidays
The reason why we are constantly under pressure to follow the fashion is mainly that Our friends may think strange date .	'Fashion magazines or TV advertisements show us the latest fashionable styles .
Which is true according to the passage ? Frank always tries new things .	'Bob likes teaching others what he knows .
Which is true ? Peter n't lunch home weekdays .	'Peter gets up at 7:30 in the morning .
Why did the Doubleday origin story come up ? Because Abner Craves told Doubleday story .	'Because Doubleday provided false evidence .
What time can you have breakfast in the dinning room ? 8:30 a.m.	'6:50 a.m.
The hotel clerk at last returned the first one - hundred - dollar bill to the man because wanted trouble police	"""he knew the lawyer 's plan very well"
. If Mr. and Mrs. Smith stay in Narvik with their six - year - old daughter for three days in 2013 ,      they should pay NOK 1,670	'NOK 1
What 's the purpose of the writer to write this article ? To talk discipline young kids .	'To debate if physical punishment is illegal .
From the passage we may infer schools likely adjust class schedules	'the practice of later school start time may have negative results
What is the passage mainly about ? Different jobs .	'Good jobs .
You are feeling tired easily if the light is bad	'good
How will Germany react to Japan 's nuclear crisis ? Germany delay extension nuclear plants running time .	"""Germany will close all the country 's nuclear plants ."
According to the passage , can make you experience the most adventurous holiday . polar expeditions	'activity holidays
Aria Ricardo probably is a    woman police officer	'photographer working for a magazine
What 's Katy Smith 's advice for the parents ? Look professional help kids .	'Ask kids to finish everything at school .
Which of the following statements is not true ? When young took courses architecture college .	"""He learned building designing in an architect 's office ."
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? The mobile phone also cause hearing problems n't use correctly .	'Scientists tell young people to turn off their MP3 players .
What might be the best title of the text ? Dead living ? It easy judge	'Pulling away the dead ants is a difficult task
The forestry coverage in rural Beijing has increased greatly because pressures land reduced	'no people live in that area
Dr.   Bruce McEwen ofRockefellerUniversitybelieves that short bursts stress hormones improve memory function	"""a person 's memory is determined by the level of hormones in his body"
We can learn from the passage that us actually privileged	'few people in Africa are lucky
Which website provides a complete list of the winners in the Olympic Games ? Olympic -- Modern Olympic Games	"'Green Olympics Forum In Beijing 2004', ""Environmental Symbol ofBeijingOlympics --'Green Olympics '"
Which of the following would be the best title ? Studies How Recognize Smell	'Smelling Experience
Which is the main idea of this passage ? Computers important	'People like going shopping
What is the main idea of the passage ? The salt scare reasonable .	'The moderate use of salt is recommended .
According to the passage , Take our Daughters to work Day is day girls know jobs	'a holiday for girls of all ages
We can infer that when we find some symptoms related to our kidneys , kidneys may seriously damaged	'the kidney failure begins
All these things to be done are keep house free stolen	'to make the burglar think twice before trying to enter a house
What is the teacher 's advice ? We love life enjoy things around us .	'We should share our important thoughts with others .
The text mainly tells us changes ways Britons spend Sundays	'what Britons did on Sundays
Some people think that modern violins sound better future	'will sound worse in the future
All of the following about Liu Jia are true EXCEPT that works online store owner Shanghai	'he has to work around the clock to deliver so many products
The best title of the passage is Girls ' Career Camp	'Camfed Ghana
Mr. Torres became blind when daughter born	'he was thirteen years old
Why do the vegetables and the tree dislike each other ? Because n't share water .	'Because the tree is too tall .
. The Eskimos in the far north ca n't use the sun for a clock because    long dark winters long light summers	'they know very little about the sun
Why does an English speaker find French easy to learn ? Because large number English words French origins .	'Because English and French share similar pronunciations .
Through his early experimental work , it is evident that Nobel man strong	'Nobel was a man of gift
Which of the following things are sold in the shop ? It sells flowers , rings , tables sweaters .	'It sells rings 
Which of the following is true ? Great White Sharks teeth act like saws .	'Great White Sharks only live up to 40 years .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Learning Get Back Up .	'How to keep a baby giraffe .
Recent studies by the Council of Europe have declared that many species reptiles butterflies Europe need protecting	'wildlife needs more protection only in Britain
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? A Successful Girl Selling .	'The Greatest Saleswoman in the World .
Why was the hula banned for almost 60 years ? Because religious visitors thought dances dress properly .	'Because the local government found the movements of the dance were rude .
The passage is mainly concerned about caring people need	'learning from the waiter
To learn the magic tricks , you can go to Club Med Circus School	'Chinese Youth League
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Overhead bridges found many parts big cities China .	'Overhead bridges are found in every part of Nanjing .
We can infer from the passage that Ants play role killing pests .	"'All the farmers in India are using soft drinks to kill pests .', ""It 's the scientists who advised farmers to use soft drinks to kill pests ."
People first learned Finland 's success in education from students ' performance International exam	'its ordinary public schools
"The United State sales manager calls the new watch "" childproof "" because made easily damaged children"	'it is designed to teach children to be on time
This passage is probably written to tell people use computers wisely properly	'warn people of the bad effect of computers
When Joe became thin the first time it was because worried much	'he smoked too much
What are the exact words to describe the whole process of the product ? Unusual , amazing , perfect .	'Natural 
What can be the best title for the text ? China 's Shouzhou-9 Spacecraft Returns Earth	'A successful Space Travel
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Teachers n't able decide parents homework children .	"""Hungry and tired children ca n't focus on their study ."
What is an ion according to the passage ? It 's charged particle .	"""It 's a balance between the positive and negative charged ."
Which of the following is wrong about Hill ? He fa iled expected .	"""He accepted his stepmother 's typewriter ."
This passage mainly tells us color1 universe	'the light from our universe is a light greenish color1
Who started her own record company ? Judy Collins .	'Patty Griffin .
What is the best title of the passage ? Young Lonely	'Loneliness Around You
According to the text , Alice Munro good writing short stories	'had her first story published in 1968
"In the opinion of experts , people need lot practice say "" """	"'people should say "" yes "" to keep the peace"
What can we infer from the passage ? Goal celebrations play important role football games .	'All the footballers should have their own goal celebrations .
How did the twins get their names ? China provided names votes .	'Good morning America named them .
Why should we pay attention to our relationships with others ? Because shows lot kind person .	'Because that can help us remember the people who help us .
According to the passage , Mrs Ryder 's son is about 38 years old	'8 years old
In the writer 's opinion , friendship important students	'family relationship can be chosen
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Dancy saved father spelling skills .	'Dancy drove his father home .
According to this article , what do ordinary people do ? Give money Pasteur Institute .	'Apply for jobs at the Pasteur Institute .
When using LastPass , users have to remember master password	'all passwords used
Rhett Butler did n't publish his book about rainforests because wanted use information create website	'the book was not about rainforest protection
How does New York make the Lunar New Year an official public school holiday ? By adding new full day school calendar .	'By cancelling a legal 1-day holiday .
How many art forms of Beijing Opera at present ? Two including Beijing Tianjin , Shanghai south .	'Two including Beijing and Tianjin in the north .
The US study finds that sister makes men less likely fair share	'sons are twice likely as daughters to care for parents in old age
Which of the following is TRUE ? Yue Fei seldom battles soldiers .	'Ma Huateng used to work as a computer programmer for a company .
According to the article Denny is probably older than Arnold because Denny professor	'Arnold did well at school .
How long has beancurd been invented ? It 's 2000 years .	"""It 's less than 1500 years ."
According to the passage , we can learn that people usually feel great hearing nice words	'it is always easy to smile with others
What happened after seven weeks of doing the show ? Lance asked one women marry .	'All of the women won prizes .
Why is it important to study the chemistry of otolith rings ? We know fish living environment .	'The elements of the otoliths can tell the history of the sea .
The passage mainly talks about Britons ' overweight problem .	"""the cause of Britons ' overweight ."
The story makes you think that person may part company makes TV sets	'a farmer is not allowed to buy the shares of stock
What kind of room is used for business ? Commercial room	'Single room
What is the main topic of the passage ? Friends friendship .	'How to sail through the sea of life .
According to the text , we do NOT have any information about theatres put performances	'when the 32ndArt Festival will be held
In the author 's opinion , better city , better life	'both urban and rural areas have a larger population
Why should parents feed their babies whole milk ? Because babies ' brains need fat grow work properly .	"""Because less than half of the brain 's overall weight is pure fat ."
The author mentions Robert A.Emmons'book Thanks ! in order to prove that mom right viewpoint gratitude	"""Professor Emmons supports mom 's study on psychology"
Tom and Mike want to join Summer Camp	'help with sports 
After the first week , the writer noticed that food eaten quickly	'the food was put into a big box
We can infer from the passage that language useful future may become critial language	'more money will be spent on facilities with Chinese languages
Which is TRUE of the following sentences ? Hiroyuki 's bed one made contest .	"""Hiroyuki 's company has made many such beds ."
Once she was in the house , the woman behaved as if what she was looking for     likely upstairs	'would be easily seen by the light from the hall
The main idea of the passage is that praise encouragement may help employees work better	'workers are always demanding more praise and encouragement
Carlos Technologies is pleased because new product good market	'football fans are angry with referees
The information under RETURNING CUSTOMERS is for those experienced BooksFirst online shopping ever	"'who have forgotten their BooksFirst account numbers', ""who have n't got their BookFirst account numbers"
Which magazine might be the most popular with children ? Dogs Kids .	'Dog Fancy .
Which of the following is NOT the lesson from the ant farm ? The ants give face frustration .	'The ants have the spirit of teamwork .
For the majority , what the story impresses most on us is father 's kind offer family rain	"""mother 's generosity to give all our Christmas presents away"
We can learn from the passage that Jodie became famous young age mature performance .	"'it was in a TV series that Jodie made her first TV appearance .', ""some of Jodie 's performances as a child actress were thought to be very bad ."
What does Christmas Eve mean to the 14 Tsinghua students ? Showing care beggars homeless .	'Taking 15 beggars to Tsinghua .
Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a Remembrance Day activity today ? Listening stories told WWI soldiers .	'Stopping at 11 a.m. to remember the war dead .
Which of the following ways is approved by the author ? Applying language situations .	'Remembering grammar rules .
Which is TRUE according to the story ? The old lady still worried hearing captain said .	"""The captain 's words made the old lady feel better ."
What can we infer from the passage ? Kathie Paulus famous skydiving skills .	'Skydiving is not a military action any more .
We can infer from the passage that physical temperature affects see others	'capable persons are often cold to others
"Why do food banks mainly offer "" no - cooking "" food ? Poor people money gas electricity ."	"'The volunteers hate to supply cooked food .', ""Food banks ca n't afford cooked food ."
The writer believes that technology explains greater parental involvement children	'parents today are more protective than those in the past
What should students consider when they apply to an online program ? The college approved authority .	'Their homes are not far from the college .
What can we learn from the story ? We things well .	'Lucky things can bring us luck .
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? All sharks must keep swimming go sea .	'It will be late if a shark can swim sixty kilometers an hour to you .
Which is TRUE according to the passage ? The man thought worth looking empty seats .	'The man thought his workmate was foolish .
According to Nick Vojnovic , music restaurant plays makes different restaurants	"""music can influence diners ' eating speed"
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Dr. Gwaltney conducted many experiment cause colds .	'Dr. Gwaltney was sure that hand - to - hand touch is the cause of the common cold .
Which of the following is TRUE about the influence of the book ? It inspired black people people suffering world .	'It was the first American novel to be translated into Russian .
What 's the writer 's purpose of mentioning Denmark 's literature ? To arouse readers ' interest Denmark .	'To show the readers that Denmark is best known for its stories .
When Sheppard referred Rufus Johnson to Norton , Norton interest Rufus thought none business	'was very excited for Rufus was his good friend
Which of the following questions has n't been solved according to Dr. Chan ? Who proper treatment ?	'Whether aspirin is beneficial for health ?
As a whole , Thanksgiving in America is happy gathering family members , relatives friends	'a grand family dinner party as well as a tourist holiday
To address a married woman properly , you 'd better ask name likes	"""use her husband 's first name"
The writer 's sister told a lie because n't want father punish	'she liked telling lies
This article tells us people America England read newspapers every day	'all people in America or England read newspapers every day
What is the passage mainly about ? The fact birds n't love mates forever .	"'A book about love - birds .', ""Birds ' living habits and love life"
Which of the following is NOT true ? Steve Jobs uneducated .	'Steve Jobs went to India .
What was the consequence of Wolfgang 's first public appearance ? Word Wolfgang 's genius spread capital .	'Leopold set his sights on Vienna .
It can be inferred from the passage that Americans solve problems daily life helping .	'the sharing - mind set is a strange to many Americans .
From the passage we can infer that Different states different laws United States	'California is the only state to have a waiting time to buy guns
What did Mother do with her daughter 's letter asking for forgiveness ? She read letter till died .	'For years 
The author believes that we can easily find a bad friend	'close friend
Which of the following was not the problem some firemakers met ? They n't enough corn leaves old newspapers .	"""They did n't know how to keep fire burning ."
Some experts believe that young people nowadays careless marriage	"""marriage without the couple 's meeting each other first ends up in divorce"
Which Of the   fo1lowing is TRUE according to the passage ? It easy Lisa cook different kinds dishes meat .	"""Lisa 's family 1ike dishes with no meat because they are animallovers ."
It can be inferred from the text that people felt relief couple crossed road	"""the couple 's quick crossing of the road surprised everyone"
From the story we know that barbers cut 's hair	"""it 's foolish to have one 's hair cut at a barber 's shop"
What can be inferred from the passage ? Google Glass may used bad purposes .	"""Google has done what it can to protect people 's privacy ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Gum stay inside stomach seven years swallow	'Gum can not be fully digested in the stomach
Which of the following statements is Not true according to the passage ? People play outdoor activities home picnic .	'Tourists like to have Christmas dinner on a beach
What can you most probably conclude   from the last sentence of the passage ? They walk endless desert .	'The kangaroo drove their car away .
Which of the hotels does NOT have stylish guest room ? The Westpark Inn	'The Affinia Hotel
From the passage , we can learn that the electrical device can applied medicine operate heart pacemakers	'help housewives operate the washing machine
In case you come across an emergency , you should make sure means communication available reliable	'carry a card or note which is written in the local language only
The parents in the family like world news part	'sports pages
We can learn from the text that clients feel refreshed massage using sleep music	'sleep music is first used in massage
What can we learn from Zhou Hongmei , ? Victims attack treated .a team medical experts .	'the victims will need psychological treatment 
What is the 1ststep for a good writing ? Have good idea .	'Think through your paper before you start .
Fred Baines was one of those who n't work hard enough studies	'had more important work to do than study
What would be the best title for the passage ? How use eye contact make good impression	'How to make yourself socially successful
The writer of the passage suggests we should take tiny step achieve big goals	'make changes at the end of the year
Finally we can infer from the story that woman mistook George baby , fact man named George	'the man was very calm when the baby was crying
Which of the following can'tbe used to describe Jolie according to this passage ? Jolie richest actress Hollywood .	'Jolie is a kind - hearted person .
In the writer 's opinion , money help us live better	'more credit cards should be used in our daily life
If you want to know more about Scholarships available in 2014 , you should log http://cis.chinese.cn	'call the Confucius Institute
"Which of the following is NOT true ? The name "" diaosi "" given people among lowest classes ."	"'It \'s not the first time a term like "" diaosi "" has gone popular on the Internet ."
What was the boy doing when the accident happened ? Swimming dangerous area	'Feeding a hungry shark
According to the passage , the reason why no two people really read the same newspaper is that people scan news interested	'different people prefer different newspapers
From the text we can infer that dump dealt easily	'the dump error often happens to your PC
Which is NOT a reason for the changes ? It 's dangerous play outside	'Families are smaller today
What will the author probably talk about next ? Advice fans .	'Education in Nashville .
The best title of this passage should be Journey bottom ocean	'An interesting journey to the ocean bottom
If you want to do better in math , you should NOT lose interest studying math	'listen to the teachers carefully
What 's the best title of this passage ? Time keeps going .	'What a good father !
The main aim of DARE programme is to help teenagers know harm drugs	'manage and control drugs
Why does the daughter write the letter ? She wants tell God much loves mother .	'She feels sorry to her mother .
"Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? The "" Magic "" 40-Minute Technique"	'The Best Way to Learn English
Which one is the book written for 8 to 12 years old to use a dictionary ? How Use Dictionary Picture Book Children Hardcover	'Basic Study Manual
On the third day , the blind man noticed Julia given fifty cents	"""accepted Julia 's fifty cents quite happily"
What is the main idea of the passage ? None online grocery supermarkets made profit .	'The online grocery shopping is making our life easier .
"Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Steven Jobs chose name""Apple""just liked eating apples ."	"""Steven Jobs did n't finish his college ."
What is the passage mainly about ? The 20s importance , make use .	'The 20s can change the rest of your life .
Little Jerry is sure that the old woman is a thief	'rich woman
We can learn from the passage that Chinese becoming popular US	'students are looking to the future
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Mr. Kim afraid Mr. Tan might succeed ahead .	"""Mr. Tan 's bacteria grew very fast in a warm container ."
Which of the following describes the way how hay begins burning on its own ? wet hay ---- begins rot ---- gives heat ---- starts burn	'wet hay ---- becomes dry ---- gives off heat ---- burns
At the end of the story Wuthering Heights falls hands Heathcliff	'Isabella dies after his brother disowns her
The writer stopped taking the GRE prep course because realized third part GRE class plan would n't work	'Columbia University would not accept the GRE test
What 's the purpose of the re - examination of all data by the experts ? To check whether searching right place .	'To encourage the searching crews .
Mr. Tsui looked forward Alan 's visit	"'always volunteered to represent Alan in court .', ""was n't popular with the police"
The price of the knives was cut down by half because knives ordered large quantities directly factory .	'the factory workers worked 24 hours a day .
We can learn from the passage that Microsoft AOL failed take Zuckerberg member	"'Facebook suffered immediate failure when it first appeared', ""people agree on the origins of Zuckerberg 's business and his wealth"
Which is TRUE about Max and Ben ? They make autistic children concentrate .	'They are robots with feelings .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Caves Mars may full hot air sign life .	'How the caves were formed on Mars .
58 . The passage suggests that due Jim George found guilty	'Jim did not do exactly what George asked him to do
what would happen if more than 100 people at a time visited the island ? The land animals may danger .	'There is no place for them to stay .
According to those who argue against economic growth we must slow down for the following reasons EXCEPT that     efforts made improve quality material life	'our natural surroundings are in danger of being destroyed by industry
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? Parents care psychological development children .	'Kid should become aware of the importance of exams .
My son depends us much	'likes doing his homework
What is the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To indicate cooling love fireplace	"'To urge people to burn less wood', ""To discuss wood - burning 's impact"
Lisa bit the snake because n't got way fight snake	'she thought her teeth were much sharper than the boa
Which of the following statements is true ? The babies could n't tell ball optical illusion .	"""The babies did n't have a sense of direction ."
According to Mohammad Danish , gas newly formed island dangerous	'it is safe to visit mud volcanoes
Who has a TV ? Gina .	"'Mary .', ""Mary 's brother ."
What do we know about the 70-year - old Valentine 's Day card ? It usually kept cupboard	'It was first given to Doris on a plane .
When Bill fell down on his way home , Mark helped pick things	'went away quickly
Which of the following is not mentioned ? Scientists producing hydrogen - powered cars .	'Some people drive fuel - cell cars in Washington .
Which would be a good title for the passage ? The Best USA 's Online Education	'Adult Education Online
The author 's purpose in writing the passage is emphasize importance positive reinforcement children	'to persuade young children not to worry about criticism
"What does Ronald Reagan mean by saying "" government is the problem "" ( line4 , Para . 3 ) ? Government regulation hinders economic development ."	"'Many social evils are caused by wrong government policies .', ""Many social problems arise from government 's inefficiency ."
No.11 bus can take you to all three of these places : St Paul 's Cathedral , Westminster Abbey Buckingham Palace	"""St Paul 's Cathedral "
The terrorists might have attacked Sochi Olympics because    wanted make trouble Russians	"""they thought Russia should n't spend so much on sport"
For what purpose are the diving pipes used ? To carry heat surface .	'To absorb heat from the sun .
If a man invites a lady for dinner , he should walk ahead lady	'walk behind the lady
Which of the following is the first important factor should be considered when adopting a pet ? Think twice adoption .	'Get detailed information about the pets .
Because there was no midday meal in school , kids lacked energy study attentively	'many kids dropped out of school
Molly was happy to go to market because could money	'she wanted to buy nice clothes
Which of the following might not be true ? When get post - office box , work postman .	'If you want to get a post - office box 
The king let Effendi go because hoped live long life	"'he was afraid of Effendi', ""he did n't believe    Effendi 's word"
What is Mark Sheehan 's attitude towards Chris Medina ? He encourages Chris continue great man .	"""He is sad about Juliana 's suffering ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the article ? Barry Marshall succeeded drinking Helicobacter pylori .	"""Forssmann 's experiment ended in failure ."
The speaker was greatly encouraged by story Ms. Joni Earckson	'what Dr. Guan had suggested
Which of the following describes the typical winter scene of eastern Hillsborough County ? Workers pick package strawberries .	'Farmers work hard on a corn field .
Which of the following is true ? The program sponsored Microsoft .	'Next year 
Tony Burke put off announcing the koala as an endangered species because needed time examine latest information	"""he doubted whether koalas ' number is decreasing"
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage? China succeeds reducing tobacco consumption .	"'the number of people killed by cigarettes will be about 2.5 million by 2025 .', ""The government still has n't put forward a clear message for the ban ."
Which would be the best title for the passage ? Online Newspaper Readership Grows	'Convenient Way to Read Newspapers
This selection was probably written to persuade people take naps	'show how lazy cats are
People liked Sandwich 's idea because ate one hands could something .	'bread 
Which statement is NOT true about the patients of the Center ? The patients come Center six days week .	'Most patients are old people .
What would be the best title for this passage ? Should University Heads Use Terms Youth	"'Must University Presidents Learn to Please Students', ""Must University Presidents Meet Students ' Needs"
According to the passage , the land will become poorer , dead leaves cleared away	'if dead leaves decay in the soil by themselves
What topic is the passage mainly concerned with ? Our first impressions stranger usually accurate .	'Confidence determines whether people can succeed or not .
What can we learn from the passage ? Laughing one means communication .	'Patients will recover if they laugh enough .
USA Today is mentioned as an example to tell us newspapers used advantages television	'it was a famous newspaper then
It can be inferred that computers bring convenience people 's life	'computers will bring disaster
What 's the main purpose of this passage ? To inform people relationship eggs cholesterol .	'To advertise for substitute eggs .
From the text , it can be concluded that many older Americans open - minded new developments	'Kevin Donnellan approves of this change among older Americans
What would be the best title for the passage ? Tears fears kids parents	"""Parents -- children 's supporter"
The achievement that SP , Georgia has made is that helped school soccer team win important match	'his soccer skills have improved a lot this year
This text mainly tells about the story of experience buying car	'saving money charging
The author seems to agree that hard work plays part language learning	'it is not hard to learn foreign languages
Tom 's mother thinks chocolates bad Tom 's teeth	'Tom is a good boy
The young woman asked the hitchhiker to get off the car because way thought get rid   	'there was something wrong with her car
A cardinal may not keep a song sparrow out of its territory because feels threat song sparrow	'they sing different songs
The text is mainly about water use management agriculture	'water supply and increasing population
Which of the following is true according to this article ? E - books make reading convenient .	"""E - books ca n't be red on mobile phones ."
Historian Tom Holland may hold the opinion that unique ancient places ca n't simply replaced replicas	"'visitors are advised to see replicas because preservation is first', ""ancient civilizations are consecrated and ca n't be redecorated"
Which of the following may be contrary to Dalla - Camina 's opinion ? It privilege women alternative work plans .	'What employers do for women is far from enough .
Which of the following statements was NOT mentioned ? She made plans fly around world .	'She was the first woman who succeeded in flying across the Atlantic Ocean alone .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Newer studies show gases may effect sea ice Arctic Ocean .	'The figures of the computer estimates are wrong .
Skin - diving is a useful and interesting sport because 	'you can catch fish with your hands
We can learn from the passage that 8 glasses of water every day generally considered necessary	'proves good for the body
Which of the following would the author probably support ? Creative problem - solving calls barrier - free imagination .	"'The creative spirit means an occasional great thought .', ""Others ' voice of judgment allows us to ignore barriers ."
If a student has a third strike , he or she should stop going school time .	'be removed to another school
What might be the most suitable title for the passage ? Leave goals home	'Keep your goals in mind
When video gamers get lost in a game , they do the following EXCEPT that They drink lot alcohol use drug .	'They feel confident in the virtual games
If Jenny wanted to collect money by picking up bottles , she needed the support of   headmaster	'the dance team
David thought that two minutes was little time pay dentist $ 40	'too little time to pull out a tooth
From the passage , we know that the students fun snow	"""did n't like their schools"
According to the passage , the findings can instruct farmers spray	'increase insects in number
"The best title for the passage may be ""   Stepping wonders wildlife"	'Taking a tour in the Grand Canyon
"According to the passage , which of the following is true ? The word "" tea "" borrowed China ."	'New words come into use while older words disappear .
What is the passage mainly about ? City - dwellers likely develop mental illnesses .	'Country - dwellers are more likely to develop mental illnesses .
Miss. Green pleased cleverest boy said	"""did n't think the cleverest boy 's answer was so good"
We can learn from the passage that farmer 's family poor .	'the farmer just wanted more help from other villages
It can be inferred from the passage that tourism Bissel greatly developed improved	"""Ken Levin did n't walk south because it would take more days"
Why should the government at present reform the State pension system ? The present pension system unfair future generation .	"""The present pension system is n't quite useful ."
From the article we can infer that heart attack related smoking , cholesterol take - blood pressure	"'more men than women are in the habit of smoking', ""scientists began to study men 's habits in the year 1913"
Sometimes the writer stopped at the most exciting part of a story to experience joy achievement	'play a mean trick on the boys
Which of the following orders is RIGHT about what happened in their travel ? push bushes - climb valley - find eggs - hear sound tiger	'hear the sound of tiger - find eggs - push through the bushes - climb down into the valley
What information do we get from the passage ? The Valentine 's card Mum sent father 1944 real treasure .	'My father had been in the army for just one year .
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the article ? It took 30 years get tenth - degree black belt .	'She is the first woman to achieve the highest rank in Judo .
According to the passage , the coins will be released by the Royal Mint to celebrate 150th anniversary birth Beatrix Potter	'celebrate the 150th anniversary of the birth of Peter Rabbit
Fathers learn to do all the following things at Father School except help kids finish homework	"'say "" I love you "" to family members"
Millions of years ago people did n't live in cold places because n't know keep warm	"""they could n't make a fire"
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? You share interests online friends .	'It is rather difficult to make friends now .
"The best title for this passage is ""   As Death Comes Calling , So Does Oscar Cat"	'Cats Can Be Used for Looking After Patients
The school project is intended to teach students agricultural knowledge	'teach students not to waste food
Which of the following is true of Getaround.com ? It provides platform car sharers .	'It gives tips on saving costs on cars .
Why can the Antarctic cod live at the freezing temperature ? A special protein keeps freezing .	'The seawater has a temperature of - l.88degC
Which of the following is true from the passage ? Proverbs usually short , teach people life .	'Only some countries have their proverbs about friends .
This passage tells us that unexercised muscles must used within 48 72 hours	'it is better to do more running than walking
What can we infer from the passage ? Near - sighted parents able produce babies good eyesight future .	'Doctors and scientists will be responsible for mass production of babies in the future .
Who found the Swedish man in the snow ? Snowmobilers .	'The police .
Ah Keong is the noisiest because    lives family ten children	'he is always playing tricks on others
According to Robert Foss , the high death rate of teenage drivers is mainly due to lack driving experience	'their wrong way of driving
If you go to Currumbin Wildlife Sanctuary , you can experience fantastic bush land setting	'look at many animals living in the water
We can infer from the passage that everyone tell illegal souvenir .	'green holidays have been accepted by people .
In what way is Princeton University different from other American universities according to the text ? Its students mainly undergraduates .	'It provides housing for all undergraduate students .
Which one is true according to the passage ? Bob learn piano music class .	'We play games in the classroom after class .
"It is not polite to answer the real invitation by saying "" No , would n't !"	"""Thanks . We 'd love to "
The best title    for this passage is birthday gift	'a lucky mother
Why does the writer suggest using packing tape to wrap presents ? Because packing tape make presents hard open .	'Because packing tape can make presents more beautiful .
According to the text , which of the following is NOT true ? The deeper layer soil darker colour surface soil .	'Soil forms from weathered rock on the earth surface .
We ca n't learn from the passage that animals usually clever human beings	'we should love and respect the animals
The author gives the example of Mr. Negroponte 's cheap computers give example help developing countries	'to illustrate the kindness of people in the developed countries
How did Winograd successfully save so many animals ? He let animals adopted people visited shelter .	'He kept all the rejected animals in a large shelter .
This passage is mainly about Heather 's contribution world	"""Heather 's miserable life"
According to the passage , what should you NOT do if you are a dog owner in Beijing ? Have one dog .	'Walk your dog in public places .
If a person is said to be as American as apple pie , it means that behaves thinks American way	'he always prefers apple pie as a dessert
That the husband prepared her a second letter about her raise suggests that loves family members truly , whether good conditions	"'he loves her because he believes that she is sure to receive a raise', ""he has a great way to promote his wife 's love towards him"
The article is mainly about whether TV good bad influence young people modern world	"""that TV is a central part of many people 's lives"
Which of the following is Not true about the test ? The targets come 13 countries , Australia ,    Norway New York .	'24
You can read faster read hobby	'after you read a book
"According to the story , a "" selfie "" is photo taken oneself"	'a smartphone which can take photos
It can be infer from what Kakabadse said that hard limit students ' mobile phone usage school	"""he is in favor of students ' mobile phone usage at school"
What did the captain ofEllen Austindo when he discovered a small sailing ship floating crewless ? He asked sailors get onto boat sail .	'He had all the wood transferred onto his own ship .
Which of the following is helpful to have quality sleep at night ? listening light music bed	'working out in the gym only in the day time
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? In 1906 Rolls - Royce Silver Ghost popular many people .	'The Rolls - Royce car is the most expensive car in the world .
From the passage , we can know which one is Not true American mothers like cats . They care less children 's self - respect   .	"'most Asian mothers are tigers because they believe their children can achieve a lot .', ""American mothers do n't want to be strict with their kids because this may hurt their feelings"
The final purpose of launching Shenzhou-9 spacecraft is prepare foundation space station	'to send the first female astronaut in space
If the trousers were 197 inches at first , how long were they at last ? 191 inches	'193 inches
To discourage mental disease from happening, best eat vegetables high fiber	'it is better to have more sunflower seeds
Why did Mr. White give his wife ten pounds ? For birthday .	'For a new hand bag .
Which of the following opinions does the author accept ? Some street people poor needy .	'Drug addiction is a disease .
What the author feels strange about is that people n't think much problem acquire ability recognize remember faces	"'people have the tremendous ability to recognize more than 1', '000 faces', ""people do n't realize how essential and valuable it is for them to have the ability to recognize faces"
The black man was finally upgraded to the First Class cabin because white lady impolite	'the stewardess loved him
Which place do you pay the least money to visit ? Irish Museum Modern Art .	'Dublin City Hall .
If a child who is not going to school is found by the four villagers , parents punished	'the child is punished
From the passage we know that at the beginning of their project , nobody supported except family friends	'there was not any search engine on the Internet .
What 's the main idea of this passage ? The subway window Paris culture .	'Reading in the Paris subway .
Judge which of the following is not true according to the above passage . Most without jobs .	"""It 's reported that a large number of Americans attend college or universities classes in their spare time ."
The writer suggests that if the number of official languages was reduced countries whose languages used officially would unhappy	'the EU would not know which official languages to choose
According to the passage , Rodrigo Cruz advises people use cellphones driving emergency	'has seen many car accidents caused by using cellphones while driving
"What can we learn about "" iTunes "" ?   It is software used download music Internet ."	'a single album of popular songs on sale .
Which of the following is true according to this article ? The immune system brain system used considered separate isolated systems .	'The help to the immune system that is brought about by playing bridge can last for a long time .
Parents prefer to have their children educated at home because the following EXCEPT that The education system far satisfactory	"'More and more violence acts occur in schools', ""Parents want to improve their Children 's grades"
What does Paul like ? He likes reading .	'He likes clothes .
What should be the best title for the passage ? The Future English ? Who Knows ?	'English Remaining the Dominant Position
Which of the following is TRUE ? May succeeded taking paper .	"""The doctor helped to take the paper ball out of the boy 's nose ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Three four exhibition areas eight science cinemas Guangdong Science Centre .	"""The Guangdong Science Museum Centre has a larger floor area than Tian'anmen Square ."
We know from the passage that effect exposure radiation slow coming	'exposure to even tiny amount of radiation is fatal ( )
According to the study , if one Golden Wattle tree is attacked by animals , it can send defence messages neighboring plants	'tell other trees to protect it
Why does the author feel annoyed when he receives a link to a video from a friend of his ? Because concentrate work .	'Because his friend wants to distract him from his work .
Why did the Canadian researchers carry out the studies ? To measure teenagers ' moral development .	"""To develop teenagers ' ability to communicate ."
What would be the best title of the passage ? [ ] Old buildings , preserve	'How to modernize old buildings
What 's the main idea of the passage ? The key enough time improve work quality .	'In fact 
Which might be the best title for this passage ? Ways To Show Your Gratitude	'Different Situations To Say Thank You
After the woman closed the front door , she rested moving	'looked round quickly
Why is the e - book business increasing quickly ? Because development Internet makes e - books useful .	"'earlier e - books are about only a few subjects .', ""people do n't like to read any paper books any more ."
On the clerk 's approval of giving the flowers , the young boy was wild with joy because able show love mother flowers	"""he knew he would n't have got the flowers without John 's help"
What 's the purpose of the experiment on 76 college students ? To judge effect social interaction memory intelligence .	'To find out what is real social interaction .
According to the passage , from Dec.12,2012 , fly directly Beijing Zurich	'it will only take us a day to fly from Beijing to Zurich
There have been no statewide rotating outages this summer because consumers try use little electricity possible peak time	'no electric equipment works in businesses at night
What can we learn about ISC ? It related American Student Union .	'The ISC table can be visited at weekends .
We can learn from the passage that Charles good reasoning writing	"""Queen Victoria asked for a few of Charles ' writings"
Dressing up chimpanzees in human clothes will make people want to raise chimpanzees pets	'sell chimpanzees in the market
Which of the following is NOT true according to the text ? Skyfall last film 007 series .	'Bond first appeared on the screen about 50 years ago .
What can one do in Keys Creek Lavender Farm ? Pick lavender	'Feed farm animals
The author asked her mother to write her a letter mother could practice learned	'because her mother had stopped using the telephone
The woman in this story has orange skin	'orange eyes and hair
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Alex paid toy money end .	'Alex had stolen a bar of chocolate from the shop .
A girl who likes yoga will go to Petits Confettis	'Camp Jano India
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Off Beaten Path covers 1 , 000 famous traveling sites world .	'Container Gardens by Number can help you improve your gardening skills .
Which of the statement is true according to the passage ? The train 's speed 16 miles per hour entered station .	"'It is said that JK Rowling is worth about PS530 billion .', ""Liu Xiang 's false start is because of his foot injury ."
The Canfield Times used the headline like this in order to make its readers think hotels Beldon often catch fire	"'this was the second fire at the Seabreeze Hotel', ""hotels in Beldon do n't often catch fire"
According to the writer , meta - computing may be creating intelligence network many computers	'because a computer works as the brain does
What did the teacher like to do ? To ask questions look answers .	'To make up stories .
What might be the best title of the passage ? First electric plane ready production line	'Electric aircrafts are welcome in China and abroad .
Why was the author 's mother shocked ? The Agins charged little money purse .	"""She was n't expecting a gift from her son ."
Which is the best title   for this passage ? How Big Ben Got Its Name	'Why Big Ben Is So Big
What is the purpose of the test ? To give advice release fish .	'To show how to enjoy fishing .
By mentioning her husband , Karen Williams wants to show that housework easy job	'her husband has no time to clean the kitchen
.By writing the article , the writer intends to inform readers new study	"'call on people to be trained to increase intelligence', ""prove one 's born brainpower can be improved"
What 's the main idea of the passage ? It astronauts ' everyday life space .	'It is about the differences between space and Earth .
If you want your children to have a good knowledge of Canada before a trip , youhad better refer to All Provinces Territories	'Scary Tales to Tell in the Dark
69 . From the passage we may learn that Bernice unexpectedly became owner rare - baseball card	'Bernice is a baseball fan
What can be inferred from the passage ? It 's parent 's letter intended college student .	'Learning skills are the top priority in Columbia .
For Christians the more important thing to do on Easter is going church celebrate Jesus'resurrection	'buying new clothes
The writer mainly tells you six things you should do high school years	'at the beginning of your high school years
Which is a point that the article supports ? It 's okay healthy eater little junk food .	'Teenagers should never eat any junk food at all .
Which of the following is NOT true ? One problems one hungry .	"""People in some places do n't have enough to eat ."
Which kind of dogs are easy to teach ? Young dogs .	'Old dogs .
What lesson did the incident teach the students and the teacher ? Never bottle without label chemistry lab !	"""Obey your teacher 's instructions in the Chemistry lab ."
What does the sentence by Kate Moss mean ? It worthwhile resist food look skinny .	'There is nothing tasting as good as sweets .
We can learn from the passage that break lasted 12:30 pm	'the school was far away from the Luxor museum
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the text ? We learn patient others benefit us .	'Doing something that you like may make you feel good when you are impatient .
What can be inferred from the result of this study ? The normal infant - mother bond alone n't enough good mental health babies .	"""There 's no need of child - care centers at all ."
"It can be inferred from Obama 's motto "" change "" that Obama 's policy "" change "" well accepted gives Americans much hope"	'Obama tends to make quick changes in order to win the election
"According to the article , what is "" noodle fever "" ? Many people ate noodles restaurant help owner ."	'Many people got a fever after eating noodles in a restaurant .
"The sentence "" one tourist for every person living in Spain "" ( Para.2 ) means every year number tourists equal number people living Spain ."	'all the 37 million people living in Spain are tourists .
We worship stars because need true mental heroes support us	'we can learn something useful from famous stars
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? People regularly eat fish never suffer heart disease .	'The Dutch research has proved that eating fish can help to prevent heart disease .
It can be inferred from the story that bird grows older , may learn new songs quickly	'young birds are always making meaningless sounds
With a Total Ticket , visitors are allowed to visit 4D Theater - Deepo 's Undersea 3D Wondershow	'Animal Encounters
The story is about Scotsmen 's traditional kilts	'how to make kilts
The writer may want to tell the reader that different e - mails written different ways	"'mails online are often sent to wrong places', ""sending office e - mails is sure to add to people 's workload"
Which statement is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? The sequence events varied greatly ancient modern Olympic Games .	'The sequence of events were set up in ancient Olympic Games .
We are told that in an average family about1990 four five children died five .	'many children died before they were five
Compared to ordinary schools , studio schools will offer the young more chances get future jobs job training	'skills to finish full - time education
From the passage we can infer that the writer thinks 's   pleasant useful read good books	'books are more important than the Internet
The author writes the passage to encourage us take part green sports .	'explain the major sports influence of popular sports 
Which can be concluded from this passage ? The cost plant - related products low .	'Mosquitoes like to suck attractive people .
What does the red ribbon stand for ? AIDS awareness	'World AIDS Day
We can infer from the passage ? The chart updated every week .	"""Taylor 's 1989 album created the largest sales ."
"A good newspaper offers "" a variety "" to readers because tries serve different readers"	'readers like to read different newspapers
What can we learn from the passage ? Animals make performance party .	'All birthday parties last one and a half hours .
What is the passage mainly about ? Wildlife returning large cities	'Foxes returning to London
Why could n't the writer find a job at big radio stations ? Because n't much experience .	"""Because he did n't work hard in college ."
Which can be the title for the passage ? How Write Book Report	'How to Comment on a Book
What is the advantage of the EcoDorm ? It saves lot money energy college .	'It helps students to enjoy life at college .
Houdini decided to become a magician after read book famous magician	'he learned to pick a lock
Which of the following statements is not True ? We often get first impression person says .	'Meaning can be conveyed both by words and body language .
How does the radar keep track of the elderly people ? It uses algorithms classify motion person .	'It recognizes an elderly person by using algorithms .
What dose the strategic planning mean ? It means setting short long term goals .	'It means inviting students to meetings .
Which of the following statements is true ? More places added UNESCO list .	'People can still visit the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World today .
Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? Is Santa driving clean green ?	"'Santa ', "" watch where you 're going !"
Which of the following is NOT   TRUE according to the passage ? 40 % employers admit lied families partners .	'Cell phones make people more likely to lie .
From the passage . which of the following is not TRUE ? People found cure old age .	"'You can feel quite bad though the cold is not a serious disease .', 'We can get some medicine to get rid of our headache .', ""Even if you do n't take any medicine "
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? Dr . Jason teaches public speaking college .	"""Dr Jason 's textbook has CD - ROMs and nice pictures ."
Some poisonous butterflies warn predators in the dark by making clicking noises	'scaring predators with color1s
Which of the following is true ? Mr. Yang uses belt control much eats .	'Mr. Yang takes exercise at the gym .
Kelly was scared before the relay race because she was afraid that would run far	'other kids would make fun of her
"Why did n't the young man think the "" weather report "" absurdly superstitious ? He n't believe traditional way could forecast weather using salt ."	'The villagers were always superstitious 
In the author 's opinion , the four books offer four ways change life mind .	'represent four life attitudes .
Linda is telephoning home to say David arrived safely	'tell her mother some bad news
Which is the best title for the passage ? China 's Tea Culture	'A Saying of Tea
We may infer from Amy 's story that news media played key role helping Amy	'Amy will still be made fun of by her classmates
The writer may want to tell us that ca n't make people things n't like	"""people wo n't do things we want them to do"
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The importance teamwork among teammates .	'A famous basketball team named the Boston Celtics .
Dr. Carter 's findings indicate that our culture might be formed through    . learning	'storing information
What is the main reason that some people fail to succeed ? They n't make use .	"""They do n't have good opportunities ."
We can take a jungle cruise at Duranbah Road , Duranbah , NSW 2487	'Pacific Motorway 
It can be known from the passage that two ways contact camp	'the camp will give an insurance card to every child .
What is the best title of the passage ? Beethoven died lead poisoning .	'A surprising discovery about Beethoven .
"Which of the following is true ? Hollywood made lot money film""Swordfish""in June ."	'Hollywood stopped making films showing terrorism and disasters after the Sept.11 attack .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOTtrue ? This year 's list included words mainly selected Asian countries .	"""Merriam - Webster 's Web site did the survey of words of the year at least twice ."
What can we infer from the passage ? Robert Chad different opinions .	'Professor Lerman teaches Travis technical skills .
Jesse Martin was at the end of his voyage when he sailed Indian Ocean .	'sailed on the South Pacific .
This passage is mainly about children taught reading	'what qualities people teaching children reading should have
Which of the following can be the best title of this text ? Why I read ?	'How do I read ?
Mr . Scott knew that Bob sofa	'Bob went to the cinema
What is the most painful end to a friendship ? One friend ends friendship .	'Friends quarrel with each other .
If you are devoted to a double major or degree , you should decide learn intentions considered	'find two subjects with overlapping classes
Which of the following is NOT true ? The crew members get know tests .	'After the tests 
Which of the following can be the best title for this passage ? Sunscreen Prevent Skin Cancer	'Sunscreen to Increase Skin Cancer
Which finding about whales is beyond the writer 's expectation ? The songs whales .	'The traveling speed of whales .
According to the passage , we can learn It possible USA lower voting age 16 future .	"'Scotland gained its independence from the UK eventually .', ""All the people in Scotland thought highly of the government 's decision to lower the voting age to 16 ."
Which of the following is true ?      We 61 days free time .	"'Each weekend is one day .', ""We get 3 days ' holiday at Easter"
If you want to be fast in speaking , you should choose something interesting read	'difficult to read aloud
Why did the slaves ' master want to sell his slaves ? Because master need money	"""Because the slaves did n't work at all ."
What can be learned from the passage ? Parents try understand teenagers .	'Parents are unhappy with their growing children .
The reason why journalists are not eager to accept computer newspapers is that trained work traditional newspapers	"""they do n't know how to use computers"
As a student of the school , you are probably asked to lot reading Greek Latin	'learn the grammar of Greek and Latin only
Which might be the best title of the story ? A stupid spider	"'A clever bug', ""The spider 's home"
The gravity of a black hole may become so strong that light can not get out when star going die	'other stars come close to it
The passage mainly tells us about study obesity	'why more and more people are getting fat
Researchers from the National University of Singapore believe that climate change affects animals ' sizes found clearly	"'all the animals on the Earth have become smaller', ""too many studies on animals ' sizes have been done"
Which of the following statements about River Boats is TRUE ? Boats come every fifteen minutes .	'In the boat the tourists can enjoy drinking .
Which of the following songs was first written or recorded ? Spring .	'I Dream of Spring .
We can learn from the passage that Susan Jebb take part study .	"'the study observed people as well as tested specific changes .', ""there 's no need for people under 45 to adopt these good habits ."
According tothe study by the World Bank in 1974 , economic growth in some backward countries brought benefit two thirds population	'benefit to a third of their population
Which of the following statements is not true according to the passage ? Prof Jianzhi Zhang lead researcher university UK , Wuhan University , China .	'Penguins swallow fish without chewing .
"We can learn from the passage that the expression "" Where 's the beef ? "" means It used something good said"	'The beef in hamburgers is not as much as it is said to be
What we should do to have friends according to the author ? All .	'Make friendship a priority .
What 's the best title    for the article ? Be Careful With Exercise	"'Exercise Is Interesting', ""Let 's Do Exercise"
Which of the following is true according to the experts ? [ ] Uncontrollable laughing fits help release pressure .	'Those who suffer higher pressure from work are more likely to laugh away .
How do robots learn human values ? By picking patterns massive data human behavior .	'By interacting with humans in everyday life situations .
Other people wanted to open hamburger restaurants because they thought could make lot money	'they could sell hamburgers at a low price
The scientists of Marie Curie 's day knew . uranium gave radiation	'that radium gave off radiation
You should start to strengthen your relationships now because    take time develop need	'successful people have no time to develop relationships with you
The wise man was lost in thought because realized something new important	'he worried the lives of so many starfishes
The indoor air pollution is caused by lack   fresh air	"""Legionnaire 's disease"
Leadville got its name for the following reasons EXCEPT that could bring good fortune Tabor	'Tabor became its leading citizen .
According to the passage , we know that people actually know change finally good	"""do n't realize the benefit of the new shoes very well"
Some experts believe that the hybrid car will have a large market in future because saves money eco - friendly	'it is just powered by renewable energy
The main idea of the news story is Bugu villagers pay attention education .	'how Bugu villagers get education .
Why Steve avoided Tallady for months ? Because n't want talk .	"""Because he was n't fully prepared for the reunion ."
Which of the following sentences is right ? Reading lot help write better .	'When you read 
Which is TRUE according to the passage ? Dictionaries useful us .	'We should let the dictionary sleep .
What do we know about the author and the man sitting next to him ? The author n't like man 's foolish questions	'They got angry about the window
According to the passage , it is now quite usual for women to start working later life	'stay at home after leaving school
According to the passage , which of the following sentences is TRUE ? Edward better works harder next term .	"""Edward ca n't sing songs very well ."
Why was Tom glad when his father gave him two pounds ? Because n't much money long time .	'Because his father wanted him to buy some stamps .
Simroid is designed to train dentists able share patients ' feelings	'aid dental trainees to focus on their medical techniques
According to Teresa McKinna ,     . staff 's work difficult finish	'the built hotel is badly equipped
John kept long hair because John liked long	"""the barber would n't like to cut it short"
His friend 's death made Jack doubt way life	'lose much interest in life
What can we infer from the passage ? This Monday third one February .	"""Washington 's Birthday is the same as Lincoln 's ."
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Antarctic contains world 's fresh water .	'Antarctic is currently experiencing the full effects of global warming .
Which of the following is true ? The new soldier birthday dinner restaurant .	'Mr. Parker found nothing in the military camp .
From the passage , we can learn that Billie gift music	"'Sadie Fagan was fond of living in New York', ""Clerence Holiday did n't love his wife at all"
What kind of film will you probably watch if you like Hugh Grant ? Comedy films .	'Action films .
The best title for the passage might be Staff training evaluation	'A successful training programme
What can we learn about Joe since he started the calorie restriction program ? Joe never cold	'Joe counts the amount of every meal
Which statement is true ? The space vegetables n't belong genetically modified food extent .	'Genetically modified food is not safe .
We can infer from the text that China 's scientists researching techniques soft lunar landing	"""China 's road to outer space has not been very smooth for a long time"
The books which were once banned in the same country are Where Wild Things Are The Wonderful Wizard Oz	"""Charlotte 's Web and The Wonderful Wizard of Oz"
People are advised repair electrical appliances	'to avoid using electrical appliances
Many teenagers    own pictures of some football stars because A , B C	'they are interested in football
According to the passage , what is the biggest problem Chinese travelers face when going overseas ? Cost .	'Choosing the best travel agent .
"If you want to change the music of your e - card , you need to go "" Design "" menu"	'choose another e - card .
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Paracutin first volcano world .	'Paracutin is not active now .
This article is mainly about . deal school conflicts	'the lives of school children
Why are poachers hard to catch ? They hunt large thick jungles .	'There are not enough rangers .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passenger ? Riedel volunteered festival least developed 5 years .	"""It 's hard for people to appreciate Blues ."
J.D. Power is name company	'a car maker
Why did Dodger enter London late at night ? Because Dodger afraid seen others .	'Because Dodger was too weak to walk until .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Tourists canceled    tours Japan becauese Diaoyu Islands issue .	'The Diaoyu Islands belong to China since ancient times .
According the the passage , which is correct ? The female butterfly mates life	'The females closed their wings when males flew by .
Why did the old man ask the waiter to take some fish to his horse ? Because wanted sit fire , n't able first	'his horse liked eating fish
Mike is happy because gets knife back old woman 's help .	'he sees the gold knife .
Which of the following was NOT mentioned as a benefit of joining the club ? Learning get help nonprofit groups .	'Helping the youngsters to build self - confidence .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Marcus helped build aquarium show thanks Atlanta .	"""The aquarium 's giant tanks can hold eighteen million gallons of water ."
Which sentence is Not true about the party ? All guests stayed party .	'There were some drinks at the party .
What will happen if the BBC moves its home ? Some original programmes adjusted .	'All the BBC staff will have to work outside London .
As for Mo Yan 's works , it is true that The Garlic Ballads relevant reality	'A Transparent Radish was published in 1986
Based on the passage , what did Robert Todd Duncan love most ? Teaching music .	'Singing in concerts .
What did the writer 's family do for him when he was seven ? They built farm ants .	'They bought a few ants .
"What does the sentence "" I saw her ' we 'll see about that ' look "" imply ? Mom believed every aim could achieved stuck ."	'The race across monkey bars was not difficult enough for a child to give up .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The third toy represents people believe .	'All the toys had two holes and had no differences .
Which of the followings is NOT true ? This kind car completely controlled onboard computer .	"'The hybrid cars reduce air pollution and oilshortages .', ""The car 's gasoline engine does n't work until it reaches about 24 km / h ."
The Journey Through Hallowed Ground sponsors the proj ect to make public pay attention historical sites	'direct the children to research 
What was the problem with guessing at the sound to stop a bus ? It unreliable making judgments .	'Other vehicles also stopped there .
We can know from the passage that scientists way finding male heart loses cells	'the reason why ageing takes a greater loss on the male heart has been found out
The best title for the passage would be The Effects Unemployment	'The Financial Effect of Unemployment
In the TV program Seven Up , we can meet group people different periods lives	'different groups of people at different periods of their lives
What is the main idea of the text ? How Santa Claus got names image .	'What Santa Claus usually do on Christmas .
What did Mrs. Black ask her husband to do ? To drive slowly	'To stop the car
The old man followed Mark closely wanted show Mark way	'because he wanted to go back home
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Most injured elderly .	'All the people injured on the bus were Taiwanese tourists .
What did beer - maker Labatt do for the people in Fort McMurray ? He filled thousands cans water sent people Fort McMurray .	'He sent money to the people in Fort McMurray .
American parents think that Schoolwork important social skills	'Schoolwork is more important than social skills
From the passage , we know English classes Monday Friday	"'I like Sophia ', "" but she is n't my favorite teacher"
ART abuse DOSEN'T include regular usage medicine	'unauthorized ART use
From the passage , we know that the writer may go college America .	'give up the US college interview .
Why did the author write this article ? To give basic facts clowns .	'To express his opinion on circus clowns .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Rise Up Tragedy Success	'Orphans for Orphans
People in China have to   pay using plastic bags shops supermarkets	'throw plastic bags here and there
For what purpose did Belyacv create the lampbrella ? To protect people rain	'To predict a heavy rain
Compared to five years ago , traveling in Europe has become easier because one visa good enough traveling number countries	'you can use a calculator to exchange money
The old farmer came city first time	'had traveled to the city several times
We can learn from the passage that Mr . Wright 's designs widely recognized	"""Mr . Wright 's designs are out of style today"
What does Getting into Collegemainly talk about ? How get application process .	'How to form a good habit in college .
Why was Min Sun 's father still angry after beating him ? Because Min Sun mistreated	'Because Min Sun went out with him
According to the passage , we know Joseph 's son gave Joseph inspiration found Brian Resource Centre	"'the teachers in Brian Resource Center are healthy and normal', ""the teachers merely help students who ca n't hear or speak in Resource centre"
What is true about the Plant Lamp ? The things needs make electricity easy find	'It is much easier to use than oil lamps
Which of the following is true ? Ted 's hands dirty Mike 's .	"'Mike was one year younger than Ted .', ""Mike was Ted 's friend ."
You can start to read by reading magazines containing topics interested	"""reading a book that you 've already read in English"
The proper title for the passage is Vitamins children	'Diets of all nutrients
The author wrote the article to tell us Taiwanese students studying mainland	'the number of Taiwanese students going to universities on the mainland had been increasing year after year
According to the passage , ' scientific subculture ' means scientific community	'cultural groups that are formed by scientists .
"By saying "" How have you got here all by yourself ? "" the doctor meant that sorry John really got hospital"	"'he was surprised to know John came to the hospital all by himself', ""he was angry with John 's coming to the hospital all by himself"
Which of the following is NOT true to the Great Pyramid of Khufu ? Abdullah AL Manum took King 's mummy treasures away .	'It is the largest pyramid in the world .
What does this passage want to tell us ? Everyone China something Olympics also get lot Olympics .	'The people in Beijing enjoy learning English .
In the accident , the baby pulled long distance pram train	'needed to stay in hospital
What can we learn from the passage ? Tears float around big enough space .	'In space our eyes are very wet .
What is the women teachers ' attitude towards the boys ? They always thinking boys silly class .	'They encourage boys to work harder at their lessons .
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Brownie married Winnie Bamber .	"'Tony is the son of Winnie Bamber .', ""Billy Charnley 's daughter was married to Don Roccoforte ."
Which of the following statement is true ? If man breathe four minutes , brain completely destroyed .	"""Do n't stop pressing his chest "
From the passage we learn that many people do n't know that caffeinated drinks provide water people need	'health can be improved by drinking plenty of water
According to what you have read , which of the following is true ? Scientists yet sure reason changing climate .	"""Man 's activities have no effect on the climate ."
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Children 's chances go Internet may effect progress .	'Surfing the Internet is the best way of educating children .
Which of the following is NOT the suggested things to think about when you exercise ? Walking dog reduces chance heart disease .	'Housework helps burn calories .
One of the goals of Camp All - star is to develop kids ' leadership skills	"""fire kids ' imagination"
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Apple enough cash store switching renewable energy supply .	"'The 2 gigawatts of renewable energy will be a mix of solar ', ' wind and electric power .', ""Apple 's data centers "
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Expressing gratitude makes happier healthier .	'Be grateful for what you receive from other people .
What is the best title for the passage ? A home - made football	'A football match
The best title for this passage should be Cars Tomorrow	'Big Cars and Small Cars
Which of the following plays were most probably written in the same period of time ? An Ideal Husband Candida .	'The Dumb Waiter and A Woman of No Importance .
Why do our mother 's characteristics leave us an indelible impression ? Because mother child centers child young .	'Because we are likely to be attached to people with her characteristics .
If you are invited to a French dinner , the correct custom is to arrive fifteen minutes behind schedule	'hurry to help the hostess
To be a perfect guest , you should help make table clean afterwards	'never be late for a holiday dinner party
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? With picture phone , two people ca n't see .	'Today some people are using a kind of telephone called the picture phone or vision phone .
What is the passage mainly talking about ? Some thoughts brought enrollment HK universities .	'Higher education in Hong Kong .
Why is it necessary to build a Disney park in Shanghai ? Hong Kong Disneyland ca n't meet need large population .	'Hong Kong Disneyland is too small and very crowded .
The best title for this passage might be Cameras keep watch teen driving	'A free camera for kids
A mountain - climber will probably visit Wales Scotland	'Wales and England
Which of the following is the right order    for what the aliens ate ? A banana - An egg - A lunchbox .	'An egg - A banana - A lunchbox .
According to the passage we can infer junk food leads childhood obesity	"'obesity explosion in China will affect the United States', ""there are great difference in kids ' food choices now"
How was Jim after he took a spoonful of hot mustard ? Tears ran eyes .	'Jim was glad .
Why is air pollution much worse in cities and towns ? Because waste human activities fumes traffic .	'Because of the cans and bottles that people throw away .
From the text we can infer that writer n't know grandfather 's selflessness years later	"""the writer 's grandfather went to his house except on snowy days"
According to the passage , which statement about the future is most likely to be true ? In future , people able learn news sources .	'In the future 
The writer thinks that many accidents happen because 	'roads are old and narrow
According to the passage , most soil insects    bright colors	'change their colors with the soil
The local people can get money by selling anything related Manneken Pis	'clothes that Manneken Pis has worn
What might be the best title for this passage ? My busy life .	'My new movie .
The title of the passage should be    Anxiety Tests	'Tests at college
What may happen to those first bullied later on in adolescence according to Newman and his colleagues ? Some likely aggressive .	'They seem to easily get over the effect of bullying .
From the passage we can infer that people ca n't lead positive life time	'most people manage to lead a positive life at any time
The best title of the passage is Wetsuit An old Penguin	'Old Penguin Getting Bald
Which of the following statements about the author is TRUE ? He local villager .	'He knew elephants well .
What is the old man doing ? He selling horse .	'He is giving some meat to the young man .
What is the first step to deal with the noisy neighbor ? To tell neighbor bad behavior	'To buy a good pair of earplugs
Tracy Caulkins was sent to a private school because schedule public school n't suitable	'her family had moved to Nashville 
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? The author came understand fear help daughter .	"""The author did n't get along well with her mother ."
The scientists did an experiment with a group of dogs to prove animals could sense humans	'find out that the machine could record unusual happenings
From the passage , we can suppose government officials Ming dynasty strongly Zheng He 's voyages Asia Africa .	"'Zheng He had been to Africa for seven times from 1405 to 1433 .', 'Columbus and Vasco da Gama were   ly unknown in Chinacompared with Zheng He .', ""the Ming government did n't know about Zheng He "
Which of the following is NOT true ? In old days , people could eat dumplings poor .	'The Chinese like dumplings very much .
What is the best title of this passage ? A Safari Park South Africa	'Protecting Wild Animals
A person sometimes has difficulty recalling because two parts brain dueling upper advantage	'he is unconscious when he gets his memories
The best title of this passage should be Jennie 's Life Blood	'A Great Woman
The husband and the wife in the story wished buy TV	'went to the sales the year before
What did many traditional companies do in the mid 1990's? They made websites .	'They went out of business .
What can we infer from the passage ? Computers play important part life ' 80s , perhaps ca n't live without .	"""All the ' 80s have a strong sense of responsibility to the society ."
We can know from the passage that poor Saudi Arabia likely speak Arabic	'the popularity of English in Saudi Arabia is a good thing
Why did Joyce think dolls were the best birthday gifts for Amy ? Joyce never got dream doll parents .	'Amy dreamed to have all kinds of lovely dolls .
"Which of the following is NOT true about the "" throw - away society "" in the U.S. ? People hold belief money comes first ."	'People prefer to buy a new blender rather than repair the broken one .
What does the writer want to do ? To attract    visitors Suzhou .	'To tell about the long history of Suzhou .
The teacher must work kid 's home	'work every weekend
The passage mainly tells us about importance way pick family values	'the influences the children face while growing up
Why did the father ask the boy to put the bass back in the water ? It n't bass season yet .	"""He did n't want to fish bass at all ."
"What is the passage mainly talking about ? It "" North - South Division "" influence ."	'British accents are different from North to South .
Which of the following is true ? Plants culture .	'Modern societies have written down all the rules for behavior .
According to the passage , the new rules focus on inspecting whole process food production	'improving food processing equipment on farms
What is NOT China 's change ? People change homes eleven times	'People are healthier and they are living longer .
The courses which can be chosen do n't include Advanced Chinese	'Chinese Culture
What is it that stops users getting a good night 's sleep ? blueish light	'Melatonin
Why did the boy who called the writer want Minnie ? Because grandfather 's dog died .	'Because he loved all kinds of dogs very much .
What can we learn about babysitting ? Friends neighbors may helpful find babysitting job .	'Babysitting is the best job for teens .
Which of the following is right according to the passage ? Handsome men happier make profits pulchritude .	"'House wives are usually less beautiful and thus less motivated than their working peers .', ""Beauty 's financial power has long been noticed historically as a most desirable commodity ."
What does the passage mainly focus on ? A great discovery fossils .	"""The secret of ancient animals ' deaths ."
When the writer was a little girl , she could n't get whatever liked	"""did n't like new clothes"
The text mainly discusses the relationship between heart problems air quality	'heart problems and exercising
Which of the following is NOT the rule offered in the passage regarding business dress ? Remember ask others advice n't know dress .	'Think about how other guests will wear if you are invited to a dinner .
According to the passage , which of the following may be expected to occur with the use of a conventional oven ? Items top rack cook faster .	'Food will have a gas - like smell .
Which one is true according to the passage ? Computer servers generate large quantities heat .	'It is expensive to deal with huge banks of computer servers .
According to the text we know that doctors test one 's breath find illness	'breath varies from person to person based on food
We can learn form the passage that Julia 's effort paid	'Julia is a teenager from New York City
We can infer from the passage that Allegiant is probably airline company	'a travel agency for cheap vacations
On the bus , the writer could n't hear old man 's music	'find an old man with a saxophone
Which of the following statements is true about the language of English ? It changing time .	'It has borrowed words from all the other languages .
Why did the author want to have a good appearance when she was young ? Because successful characters books read attractive .	"'Because she wanted to get higher scores in the job interviews .', ""Because she wanted to follow her friend 's example mentioned in the passage ."
According to the passage , Project Gutenberg is probably website students get free sources English learning	'a project to help poor students get free learning materials
In terms of traditional opinion , women know well soft power	'men prefer cooperation
Which of the following is True according to the passage ? Both Dick Wilson winners .	'Dick wanted Wilson to win the race .
Some students in Chongqing make cloth bags	'ask their parents to make cloth bags
Which can serve as the best title for the passage ? Kids May See Better They Play Outside	"'The More Time Outdoors ', ' the Better', ""It 's Time to Engage Kids in Outdoor Activities"
We know from the text that Ginger Gray manages Dixie P1 T program Kenton County	'teaches at Dixie Heights High School
What can be learned from the passage ? Health tends decline one gets old	'There will be more and more aged drivers in Britain .
How does an anaconda kill its victim according to the passage ? It often uses strength kill victim .	'It often uses its poison to kill its victim .
What do you think the text is mainly about ? Miller 's unusual path fame fortune .	"""Why Fox 's Prison Break became a huge hit ."
Which of the following is NOT the evidence of Chinese farms ' keeping cats ? Cats n't feed meat .	'The cats consumed large amounts of millet - based foods .
Generally , when American or an Englishman speaks English he ca n't avoid making mistakes	'never makes mistakes
We know from the passage that Jenny liked parties school felt guilty borrowing money	'had fun at school but soon forgot about her school friends
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text ? Caroline leads rich life becomes workmate Max Black	'Merlin is a handsome young man in the legend .
The main idea of the passage is ability learn languages increases age	'Danish teenagers can learn Swedish faster than younger children
It is better for parents     . praise encourage children often	'to be hard on their children
"Why does a traveler get lost in Yucatan ? People Yucatan think "" I n't know "" impolite , give wrong answer ."	"""People in Yucatan do n't know what the traveler said "
Differences between leaders at the summit can be seen from the fact that French President told interviewer might walk summit .	'President Obama says differences are overstated .
How should we keep healthy ? All .	'Eat more vegetables and fruit .
If you are on the second or third floor when a fire breaks out , you 'd better     drop roof window onto bushes trees	'drop directly onto the ground
In Rome , Italy , the streets are filled with old things on New Year 's Eve because want see sun come	'people throw out all the things they no longer want
From this passage we know that doctors are allowed to     work one hospital	'only work for one hospital
Which statement is true according to the writer ? Keep mistakes mind order make mistakes future .	"'Before you make any mistake ', ' you had better lock the closet in your room .', ""Do n't go out with some of your friends any more ."
According to the passage , the writer agrees that child 's brain highly selective	'the infants will certainly die because of lack of language .
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? The Early History Sewing Machine	'The Case between Howe and Singer
It is possible to find out if a person has adapted to the changes of routine by measuring his body temperature because people higher temperatures working efficiently	'body temperature is higher when the cycle of sleep and wakefulness alternates
Which of the following statements do you think is true after reading the passage ? Where desert , sand storms .	'Man is destroying the natural surroundings on purpose because the surroundings can not make them satisfied to get enough treasures .
From Xia Lei , we can learn that employers prefer people work top universities	'the domestic job market gives welcome to returnees with open arms
What made Jack turn to alcohol for help ? The loss son wife .	'The loss of his son .
Why did Aphrodite , the goddess of love , punish Narcissus ? She thought Narcissus n't respect made Echo sad .	'Aphrodite envied Echo because she loved Narcissus
Greenfield worrying whether Internet good bad kids	'wants to stop all the kids from using the Internet
According to the passage , we know that much part - time work lead bad academic performance	"""without counselors ' help "
In the opinion of most parents , teaching financial matters strengthened .	'economics should be the focus of school teaching
What would be the best title for the passage ? Boy gathers support rainforests	'Evan Green - a famous teenager
The main idea of the passage is rules follow American student	"""that you should answer the teacher 's questions in class"
Which of the following shows the order in which the SETI network works ? Radio telescope - SETI base - SETI website - Volunteers ' computer	"""Radio telescope - SETI website - Volunteers ' computer - SETI base"
The text mainly talks about hearts long life	"""men 's heart cells"
Heritage Lottery Fund provides money to collect stories community	'hold activities for the Forest Schools
What do we usually do automatically according to the author ? Express thanks orally .	'Focus on good things .
". What does the writer think of the phenomenon of "" ant tribe "" ? Both government graduates responsibility ."	"'"" Ant tribe "" has become too serious a social problem to solve ."
It is a delight to fly a height of 5,000 meters above the Pole because    planes clear bad weather	'planes fly higher than at the equator
Why did Katherine cry in front of the school ? Because      . left backpack school bus .	'she fell off the school bus .
The author 's main point is that good book change direction life	'summer jobs are really good for young people
What is FHWA 's suggestion to states ? Giving pedestrians time cross streets .	'Providing more crosswalks .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? A new government set South .	"""Sam 's father had been dead for some time ."
Which is the best title for the passage ? Reasons Visit Oregon 's Washington County	'Washington County Welcomes its Best Season
What should be the right attitude towards jealousy ? It makes us know like want like .	"""It 's a good thing ."
The liquid rises up a tube because glass liquid act	'the glass has an attractive force
Why is there a higher demand for wheat in sub - Saharan Africa ? Because male labor crowding cities .	'Because higher income people have the diversified need of food .
About 300 years ago , many people came live London	'wanted to leave London
According to the text , Colon was a girl often made trouble school	'who dropped out of school at 15 years old
Which is the true fact according to the passage ? During last half year , economy grown fastest since 2003 .	'All of us have felt the gains of a growing economy .
What causes Venice to be the largest car - free urban area ? Its natural geographical characteristics .	'Its government law on car free .
We can learn from the passage that at some time in the past the author worked field like Beth	'bought the tractor for Beth
Which of the following sentences is true ? If travel around world , get trouble telling time .	'If we travel west across the Atlantic Ocean 
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Rocky taught Susanna CPR correctly .	"'Rocky and Ethan often attended CPR classes .', ""Susanna did n't know anything about CPR at all ."
The last sentence of the passage means breath analysis used diagnosing cancers future	"""doctors wo n't be worried about detecting cancers any more"
What is Life Without Limits about ? It encourages readers realize dreams .	'It shows readers what Lucinda Bassett is .
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? The black walnut equally attractive gray red squirrels .	'Gray squirrels do more harm to the forest than red squirrels .
What is the passage mainly about ? History money .	'Function of money .
Why do some companies agree to the casual dress code ? It difficult choose clothes work .	"""They do n't need to buy special clothes for work ."
We know that compared to 2009,in 2010 American farmers---- . earned money	'planted morn crops
According to the text , which of the following expresses the correct connection ? Fear - eye widening - light - coming danger .	'Fear - eye narrowing - less light - a specific danger .
Which of the following does Lyndsay Jones agree ? Parents ca n't make sure stories food totally true .	'Adults are willing to teach their children as their parents did .
What can we learn according to the passage ? International students may allowed work outside school financial trouble .	'All the international students can work for large companies .
Which of the following sentences about Mandy is true ? She enjoying stay Thailand .	'She is a teacher in a Thai school .
How does the school in Cleveland mentioned in the text use social net - working sites ? It welcomes comments students ' book reports online .	"'It asks each student to keep a blog .', ""It invites parents to comment on students ' work ."
What can we infer from the passage ? That traditional advertising direct may lead decreasing effectiveness .	"""Traditional advertising 's effectiveness is increasing ."
Which of the following will be the characteristic of transport in 2020 ? There wo n't car accidents .	'The cars will consume no fuels .
What may Sue do for her friend next ? To go buy pork chops Johnsy .	'To ask Johnsy to paint the Bay of Naples .
"The best title for the passage would be ""   Chronic Diseases : World 's Leading Killer"	'Different Measures to Fight Chronic Diseases
Which of the following indicates lateral thinking ? The girl picked one pebbles made disappear .	'The girl refused to take a pebble and fled at once .
What can be the best title for the text ? Two Firsts 2012 London Olympics	'2012 London Olympics --- Eco - Conscious Games
Which of the following is TURE ? Lily needs editor 's help .	"""Lily thinks it 's terrible to be a policewoman ."
The passage shows that 	'Elvis loved his mother
We can learn from the story that little girl loves mother much	"""the gentleman does n't care about his mother"
Which of the following sentences is TRUE ? The opponents examination want reorganize schools .	"""Most students from poor families ca n't get a good job ."
By studying the diets of many women , researchers proved apples good people 's health .	'found they are healthier than men
After experiencing the American school life , Mike thought better education include something good America Germany	'the easy life in the American schools was more helpful to the students .
Which of the following represents the peak of Shirley Temple 's film career ? The Little Princess .	'Little Miss Marker .
What is Jill Weber 's attitude toward selfies ? She worried people 's self - esteem might affected others react selfies .	'She thinks they are a good form of self - expression and documentation .
Which of the following can lead you to believe according to the passage ? A model hardly successful without good agent .	"""A model 's traveling expenses are usually paid by his employer ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text ? European Valentine 's Day named person .	'Lovers exchange cards 
What does this passage mainly tell us ? The experts trying find cause protect Sphinx .	'The reason why the Sphinx was set up .
What would be the best title for the news report ? China Produce 3D Great Wall	"""China 's New Action to Protect the Great Wall"
Both younger and older persons should realize that senility mental decay due aging much less common us believe	"'a sign of a decay due to old age or""senility\'\'is a common thing"
Why is playing a serious business for children ? Because children get much playing .	'Because children like playing .
Which of the following is not the advantage of the virtual tour of the Forbidden City ? Visitors walk around Forbidden City family .	'Visitors can see whatever they want .
From the passage we can infer that many Europeans reject GM foods	'GM foods are very popular in Europe
Which of the following statements about the study is TRUE ? It 's first study look - baby groups .	'It divides babies according to their personalities .
Why did the bird hide herself when other birds were learning flying skills ? Because thought could go hell .	"""Because she did n't like learning flying skills ."
The author did n't like the plant recommended by Mr. Rocco at first because plant appeared ordinary beautiful	'the packing of the plant was shabby
Where did this accident happen ? Kunshan city Jiangsu province .	'Kunshan city in Hunan province .
It is common that many students n't believe first impulse .	'often give up a difficult test halfway .
We can infer from the passage that the water table lies subsoil layer bedrock	'in the subsoil layer above bedrock
What 's still unclear to us in the story ? The exact number picture books girl received .	'How many volumes the Oxford English Dictionary includes .
What can you do if you like to go on holidays with pets ? Choose holiday Devon .	'Join the World Sea Trip of 2008 .
What is an example of bad behavior by the annoying mobile ads ? They change browser settings bookmarks .	"""They change people 's calendar settings ."
Which of the following about Shenzhou - VI is NOT true ? It capable orbiting two weeks .	'It will be sent into space in 2005 .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Baby bears need lots fat keep warm winter .	'Baby wolves are born in the open .
The passage tells us that black flowers take light wave lengths make dry high temperature .	'black flowers are so weak that it is difficult for them to grow up .
What is the text mainly about ? Young blind jazz prodigy rises Bolivia .	'Jazz chip is found inside the prodigy .
The author 's purpose in writing the passage is to give brief introduction child psychology .	'compare some of the areas of psychology .
Boys were often tempted to     throw stones Mr. Flowers ' glass - houses	"'throw stones at Mr. Flowers from their school', ""be in or close by Mr. Flowers ' glass - houses"
What are Harry 's hobbies ? Watching TV playing computer games .	'Watching TV and climbing mountains .
Which of the following statement is TRUE according to the passage ? Sanchez writer 's family name .	"'His son called him "" Dad "" when the writer called him "" My son "" .', ""All the people did n't hear the baby say except the writer ."
The small boy took the poultice off because left foot hurt	"""his foot did n't hurt"
What is a must if people intend to enjoy stability and civilized national life ? To bring children show respect law others ' rights .	'To show disapproval of gun play in television programs .
Which of the following was the main problem for Elias Howe to design a sewing machine ? Making thread run smoothly around needle .	'Deciding the kind of thread to use for the machine .
What 's the cause of the quarrel yesterday ? Jenny n't want go shopping .	"""Jenny did n't notice that Lucy was sad ."
"What can we infer from the headline "" Safina goes from basket case to top of the world . "" ? Too nervous first , Safina finally gained confidence ."	"'Safina wanted to top the world in tennis when she was a baby in a basket .', ""After she won this year 's Australian Open "
Which is not mentioned in this passage ? How improve spoken English .	'How to make good use of a dictionary .
Which of the following is Not mentioned in the passage ? Twin towns exchange business skills .	'Twin towns exchange newspapers and stamps .
It can be inferred from the text that father 's growth influenced way expressing	'the writer burned the letter directly after finishing writing it
Which of the following groups of food is usually had by a snake ? Mice , frogs , pests , animals , snakes .	"'Pests ', ' frogs ', ' some animals ', ' plants .', ""Birds ' eggs "
In the writer 's opinion , the best home is one 's home	'the home they stayed in England
The advertiser is Beijing Hongda Road Estate Co . Ltd .	'Fucheng Garden Villas
Which of the following is TRUE about English people ? They kind quiet .	'They always talk to others first .
During the course ,     students must take part exams without excuse	"'students can learn about everything from culture to science', ""students can choose not to attend the lectures they do n't like"
What can we learn   from the passage ? Mrs. White n't buy dress .	"""Mrs. White does n't like red ."
Which of the following habits is NOT GOOD ? Do n't go bed twelve o'clock ..	'Run in the open air early in the morning .
What do we know about Laurel Acres , compared with the other parks ? It attracts largest number visitors .	'It has a small parking lot .
Bill and Royce became the best friends when Royce twenties	'Bill was in his thirties .
The writer suggests one can get information about the different kinds of dogs reading books dogs	'by buying a dog from a pet shop
It can be inferred from the passage that study kids ' reading made	'most parents begin reading to their kids from their birth
We can find from this story that urchin deep love brother	'the urchin wished Paul to give his car to Buddy
Green super rice     grow even bad environment	'has to be watered with salty water
From the passage we can learn that extracurricular activities supervised adults	'most extracurricular activities take place on weekends
What would be the best title for the passage ? When Friendships disappear	'A True Friendship
Jayson 's father managed to get Jayson a new hand by printing hand	'buying a prosthetic hand
The best heading for the passage is . The power Phone	'Kinds of Phone
The purpose of writing this passage is to introduce event -- National Youth Service Day	'warn young people not to affect their schooling during volunteering
The passage mainly tells us that washing hands way keep us catching colds	'colds are caused by bad weather
"What 's the best title of the passage ? Chinese authority lists 10 "" suitable "" E - games teenagers ."	'How to purify the on - line environment for the young .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Reading important us learn English .	'It is important for us to know English words .
The film does n't tell why school shootings happen leave room audience think judge	'because the mental problems of students are hard to explain
Who got or will get married in spring ? Not Lawlis Clarke also Isbell Foss	'Neither Lawlis and Clarke nor Isbell and Foss
We can guess Mr. Smith drank much match	"'Mr. Smith was angry with his team', ""Mr. Smith did n't drink those days"
From the passage we can know that humans harm sharks sharks humans	'sharks are likely to attack humans
According to the writer , people should admire those work interests people	"'who are rich and wear the latest fashion clothes', ""who can express people 's feelings"
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Developing countries want rich nations pay climate change .	'China plays an important role in The United Nations climate talks in Doha 
What can we learn from the passage ? Playing computer games caused health problems .	'Playing computer games can make children cleverer and more creative .
Which of the following descriptions about Dong - Hwan Choe is right ? Choe first came idea explain ant behavior , tests prove theory .	'Choe did this study in order to stop ants from invading new places .
From the passage we can learn that people sometimes blink shyness	'there is no doubt that a liar has shifty eyes
Scenes of Japanese burning Chinese people alive in the film are to show war cruel	"""show Feng 's personal preference in dealing with details"
All the following statements are TRUE except Jeans popular Americans late 1950s early 1960s	'Jeans could first be seen in Europe during the Second World War
What did the Baby Einstein Company do at its beginning ? . Sell children 's music artwork	"""Make videos to make Julie 's own daughter famous"
Which of the following is TRUEaccording to the passage ? A third workers surveyed White Water Strategies never got thanked well .	'Blue - collar and manual workers need more regular acknowledgement by their bosses .
The author does n't agree that shops sell products without labels	'some clothes may carry more than one label
The passage is mainly about effects nuclear radiation leaks	"""the government ' s effort to avoid disaster"
Which title best gives the main idea of the passage ? How Read ?	'Something about Careful Reading
What can we learn from the passage ? Li Lei n't enjoy vacation .	'Gina went boating during her vacation .
We can infer from the text that deep sea divers good health	'divers usually explore deep sea for treasures
What is the best title of the passage ? London 's green games	'How to use recycled materials
What is most likely to be the result of the seven - week trial ? It good students use stand - desks .	"""The standing desks ca n't be used at all ."
What 's the purpose of the text ? To state current situation handwriting America .	'To remind people of the importance of handwriting .
Why is it that if wolves go on killing a good many deer the wolves will die out ? Because wolves mainly live deer .	'Because wolves will have no deer to kill .
How can you travel into the future ? By writing letter future self .	'By traveling back in time .
The purpose of the study by Scott Pletcher is to show sense smell affect cellular ageing process	'show there is the best way to make lifespan longer
What is the main idea of the passage ? A successful job interview starts firm handshake .	'Women with a firm handshake were likely to leave a better impression than men .
Which one could be the best title of the passage ? The Charm Book	'Reunion with My Beagle
According to Dr Sue Anne Zollinger , birds singing louder might eventually lead to dying species	"""the serious damage to the bird 's vocal cords"
Which of the following is true ? There effective drugs treat Ebola far .	'Ebola is now very common in Guinea .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Different cultures difficult ways socializing .	'Building up a close relationship with friends is important in all cultures .
Judging from what Jamie Pittock says , he wants to call leaders pay attention problem promptly	'make readers aware of the serious situation of water shortage
It can be inferred from the passage that government favor use e - cigarettes	'the CDC wants to develop a better type of e - cigarettes
The Prince never smiled again because killed faithful friend Gelert	'the wolf was killed by Gelert
"What can be inferred from the passage ? Taylor Swift 's 
 Fearless second best seller music albums 2009 ."	"""Jackson 's album \n Number Onesbeat Taylor Swift'sFearlessin 2003 ."
Luca read widely to seek massages secret club inventions	'get information about the great inventions
What 's the main idea of the text ? The SAT change entrance test 2016 .	'How to prepare for the new SAT .
The young man was in the arena because he fallen love king 's daughter	"""had opposed the king 's decision"
It can be inferred front the passage that chemicals rain lead formation blue caves	'quantities of advanced life forms exist in blue boles
Why was Ann very excited ? Because Ann 's first trip Spain	"'Ann was so hungry', ""Ann could n't find her Spanish money"
Teary Joe sadly walked away because he got everything wanted without delight	"'considered that Pipo was very poor', ""realized he should n't change his life style"
The headmaster asked the older boys to take charge process cleaning	'beat those who worked slowly
Which of the following statements is right according to the passage ? Shanghai largest city China .	'Shanghai is the capital of China
It is not advisable for everyone to take flu vaccine because someone may allergic	'there are many kinds of virus
Those who were against his ideas of Special English programs said    Special English programs practical	'it would cost too much to make Special English programs
What would be the best title for this passage ? Shopping Not Best Way Cure Sadness	'The Loss of Money Caused by Sadness
The cause of conducting the poll is to find Chinese express love parents	"""make preparations for Mother 's Day"
According to the passage , which of the following about Qian Xuesen is NOT true ? In 1956 , made good preparations Fifth Research Institute State Ministry Defence .	'He made outstanding contributions to the establishment and development of Chinese aerospace \n undertaking .
What do you usually do before holding a garage sale ? Put advertisement local newspaper .	'Display your goods in front of the garage .
Concerning the ancient Egyptians , all of the following are true EXCEPT that go inside butcher shops buy meat people today	'they mainly used the irrigation water from the Nile River to water the crops
Which statement is true according to the passage ? The writer never worked forty hours week .	'Taking care of lawns was a high paying job .
It can be inferred from the passage that barefoot librarians important village libraries	"'the first church in Peru was set up by John Medcalf', ""car libraries used to be popular in Leonardo 's village"
What does this tour company think can show Beijing is a fast developing modern city ? Bird 's Nest , Water Cube Olympic Park .	"'Beijing Capital Airport .', ""Tian'anmen Square and the Forbidden City ."
Which of the following are optimists likely to say ? Every cloud silver lining .	'An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure .
What can we learn from the passage ? Small talk important part language .	'We must have something special about small talk .
According to the text , the main problem for Rod Matless was keep tomato fresh	'how to advertise the tomato
Some people are less willing to deal with humans because becoming less patient	'they have to handle many important messages
What can we learn from the passage ? A good dictionary kept every home .	'Fewer and fewer people will buy books .
The passage mainly tells us school make pupils learn Chinese	'how to face up to new challenges in the 21st century
What is the US government particularly concerned about ? The practice adding caffeine foods .	"'The fact that coffee contains caffeine .', ""The measures of avoiding caffeine 's effects ."
Which of the following about the passage   is TRUE ? The passage tells us radiation space comes sun stars .	'Every one of us can make a trip to space now .
What did the writer think at the sight of the first dead swan ? Another swan bought place dead one .	'The other was bound to die since swans mate for life .
David wears casual clothes now , because make feel ease working	'he looks handsome in casual clothes
Scientists ' conclusion differs from the psychologists ' in that they think success much intelligence	'both hard work and high IQ lead to success
One is considered vegetative if eyes ca n't follow moving thing	'his brain only has a little oxygen
Which of the following about Bobby 's new book is TRUE ? Its title shows author 's belief change world .	"'It earned a lot of money to help kids like Mosie .', ""The photos inside reflected the kids ' hopeless life ."
What can be learned from the research ? 3D would contributing factor improving brain power .	'Watching 2D films limits brain function .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true ? Bumblebees stupid insects limited brain capacity .	"""Memory failure influences students ' study effects ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to    the passage ? It 's easy teenagers give blogging .	"""Many teenagers know it 's not safe to use the blog on the Internet ."
What 's the purpose of this passage ? To tell us tips help us learn new language well .	'To tell us that guesswork is an important way to learn a new language .
The Scholastic Art & Writing Awards is open to American schools home abroad	'American students in all grades
We learn from the passage people still sure GM foods harm human health	'people have discovered that GM foods will do harm to human health
What does the passage talk about ? Enough sleep makes people healthy slim .	'How to get long sleep .
Living together ,    . members break rules make together	"""the teenagers do n't have to obey the rules"
Why is the doctor sometimes the most powerful placebo ? The patient believes doctor .	'The patient needs help badly .
What is the purpose of the passage ? To arouse awareness enough sleeping .	'To provide an investigation result of sleeping .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Voluntary Work US	'Ways to help the Poor
The Dixie PIT program was introduced in order to develop students ' practical skills	'raise money for school affairs
What does Robert Elwood and Barry Magee 's new study prove ? Shore crabs react electric shocks seemingly feel pain .	'It is hard to tell whether a voiceless shore crab is feeling pain or not .
"Which of the following statements is TRUE ? If business losing money , say "" red . """	'In the past 
What can be inferred from the passage ? Much remains improved Car - puccino .	'The Car - puccino will be put into the market soon .
"Why are London 2012 volunteers called "" Game Makers "" ? They play important role London 2012 Olympics ."	"""They 'll decide whether the London 2012 Olympics are a success ."
What can we know about PISA from the passage ? Top PISA scorers likely succeed adult life lower score owners .	"'There will be over seventy countries participating in the seventh PISA in 2018 .', ""PISA will compare students ' personal performance based on their learning environment ."
Which of the following best shows that Buck was an excellent leader ? They reached Skagway fastest time ever .	'He killed Spitz at the beginning of the story .
The best title for the passage probably would be How reduce exposure city air pollution .	'The ways to deal with city pollution
Which of the following provides tourists with a souvenir ? The Twilight Package -- Ambassador 's Fine Dining	'The Gateway Buffet Package
The writer discusses the marriage of young adults in order to show which of the following ? They independence .	'They want to win the permission of their parents .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Justin Bieber 's overnight singing online .	"""Justin Bieber 's common experience ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? Nathaniel Ford n't doubt practical use app .	'Daniel Simons thinks the app convenient .
What do you know from the passage ? The counselors Summer Camps rich experience .	'The camps are free for little children .
Why does Chinese learning have something to do with music training ? Because skills learn two make use parts brain .	'Because there is the same difficulty in learning Chinese and music .
From the passage we can infer that takes long time make coral reef	'coral reefs grow very fast
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? disabled prefer ignored able - bodied	'even the able - bodied may become disabled in some way
Which of the following is TRUE according to the four advertisements ? You may bring pets Residence Inn Milford .	'Smoking is allowed in Comfort Suites Kodak .
. What may happen in the field of entertainment in the future ? What broadcast TV decided .	'The programme made by yourself may be sent to TV .
The early North American settlers regarded groundhog weather prophet	'wore formal clothes on Groundhog Day
Where was the pollution from in London over sixty years ago ? The pollution factories coal people burnt houses .	'The pollution came from factories .
The best title of this article is      Shopping Spree , Addiction ?	'Shopping Behaviors 
According to the text , the journal Pediatrics may cover subject health children	'mainly deals with the water drinking problem
Which of the following in NOT true ? Now TV watching reading part work .	'Electronic paper is not a new idea .
Compared to traditional schools , students in the year - round ones     generally number class days	'perform better and have more learning gains
What can we learn about the study led by Dr. Cooke ? It showed genetics greatly affect children 's eating habits .	"""It paid more attention to the environmental effects on children 's eating habits ."
According to the text , insects carry germs	'kill germs
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? One burn calories walking sand land .	'One can burn more calories when walking on stones than on earth .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Harriet helped black people life .	'Harriet was recognized as a heroine .
What does he do charity for ? He wants encourage people contribute charity .	'He wants to do charity for money .
Which of the following is the best title of this passage ? My Parents Friends .	'My father -- a serious man .
During the Crimean War in 1854 , Florence served in the front hospital where work difficult	'few soldiers died because of her work
Which of the following is incorrect according to the passage ? The policemen dealing murder Mary 's brother .	"'The policemen searched around the house until night .', ""The Maloney 's did n't have a big spanner ."
What 's the writer 's idea about how to change others ? He prefers change first instead .	"""He thinks it 's impossible to change others ."
What did the writer think of Katie ? She behaved well school .	'She often tells lies at school .
What is the best title for part 2 ? The Slim Person 's Kitchen	'How to decorate your Kitchen
What can we know about the letter written 23 years ago ? It still carefully kept Mr Lateur .	'Its reply was received by Zoe herself .
The businessman thinks building houses there can help village develop	'help people learn about how people lived in the past
What did the British government decide to do to improve students ' handwriting skills ? To open handwriting lessons middle schools .	'To help students write personal letters .
Which of the following statements is true ? There seven people Cassidy 's family tragedy .	'J.K. Rowling brought Dumbledore back to life for a new book .
The pictures chosen by the EU are supposed to work on young smokers	'smokers in Ireland and Belgium
Now scientists know    What makes people feel cool near lake ocean summer .	'Everything about the ocean .
What 's the main idea of this passage ? The excessive permissiveness today 's parents harmful children .	"""Psychologists should n't interfere so much with child care ."
What can children do at Walk in the Wild ? Wear animal - shaped clothes	'Join in the 5-mile walk
When a couple are dancing , stand face face one hands held together	"""the girl places one arm around the man 's waist"
Dementia and cognitive decline mainly result from social isolation	'hearing loss
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? One borrow books libraries home .	'Clerks will be able to work at home .
Why did they lower their heads in shame according to the passage ? They express much better .	'They failed to analyze the relationship between the mice .
The passage mainly tells us that lonely people need people	'Bob was still a child
The best title for the passage would be French Woman First Partial Face Transplant	'First Face Transplant Opens Debate
What can we infer from the passage ? Lenny name familiar Japanese written Japanese way .	'Nicole and her Japanese husband have a daughter and two sons .
. What can we know from the text ? You book skiing equipment Internet .	'Narvik is located in the south of Norway .
A man who wants to succeed should follow successful person	"'follow the crowd', ""follow others ' guidance"
According to Oishi , moving often dangerous people 's health long - term	'moving a lot is a serious problem for outgoing people
Which statement is true according to the passage ? Danish people like keep simple life .	"'Danish design pays more attention to arts than its function .', ""Danish products do n't need much material ."
Which of the following is TRUE ? Turkeys ' hearing better human 's .	"""Turkeys do n't have ears so they ca n't hear ."
Which statement is NOT true according to the passage ? Stephen eventually forced stay run estate .	'Stephen preferred to go into the Navy rather than the Army .
The airline easyJet designed Sneakairs in order to provide passengers pleasant experience beside flight	'help people exercise with better shoes
Tom did n't take the train because gave ticket woman	"""he did n't take a train ticket"
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Minimalism brings happiness .	'Minimalism is applied in many fields .
Which group reported the biggest number of stressful days ? People college degrees .	'People without any education .
The best title for the passage may be How street dance	'Young people and street dancing
If your parents do n't agree , never face - - face meeting anyone met online .	'read anything on the Internet .
Ghadi may agree that smartphones might turn person workaholic	'employees are supposed to be on call 24 hours a day
It can be inferred from the passage that China faces difficulty employing male nurses	'nurses are encouraged to serve patients of the same gender
When they meet with a natural disaster , children cry frightened	'should believe that the disaster will never last long
Which of the following descriptions of Paris is not true according to the text ? The famous building city famous museum , Louvre .	'Paris is the capital of the European nation of France .
From the passage we can see practicing yoga want seek peace hard times	'the jobless are eager to practice yoga
Which position is open to recent school graduates ? Accountants Assistant .	'Producer 
Claire Sylvan would agree with all the following statements EXCEPT students divided different classes according ability	'with the help of the network 
What can they do in the mountains ? They go swimming fishing cook food .	'They can play in the game rooms .
According to the news , which of the following statements is true ? WCDMA 3 G standard world .	'Apple Inc sells its products in the market of the Chinese mainland all by its own stores .
Which of the following statements is right according to the passage ? The U.S. - led NATO must answer loss caused bombing incident .	"""China 's view point on the entry to WTO has changed little ."
"What does the word "" obstacle "" mean in the passage ? Something makes difficult achieve goal ."	'The coach who thinks you are not suitable for playing basketball .
From the passage , we know that oven plays important role cooking Americans	"""Americans do n't care about food"
What 's the main purpose of the passage ? To give information community colleges .	'To encourage students to study abroad .
What does Robert do , even though he is living in terrible conditions ? He keeps working toward dream .	'He helps people get off drugs and alcohol .
What do we know about football ? The top clubs represent UK two Europe competitions .	'Football is a newly - invented game in England
It can be inferred from the passage that USAandSouth Koreaare quite close	'North Korea and South Koreaare actually two parts of a country
Which of the following is not the name for this new creature ? Karsts .	'Kha - nyou .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Lakshmi kind oil lamp .	"'Diwali is a very exciting time for Hindus .', ""Children do n't go to school during Diwali ."
"A "" pawgraphed "" book is most probably prize children"	'a book used in Saturday classes
What do we know about Mr. Whitman ? He followed Ms. Beach 's ways business .	"""He was Ms. Beach 's neighbor ."
The author would probably agree that 's good people countries learn English	"""it 's very hard to plant many kinds of flowers in a garden"
What 's the passage mainly talking about ? The trick faces .	'The features of faces .
When the girl wrote the words : Broken wings , flying heart , she really meant faced misfortune , strong , 'll make	"'though she lost arms ', ' she still had legs', ""her elder sister 's willingness to take care of her could help her fly with wings"
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Harriet 's fight slavery .	'The Underground Railroad .
.Why does one of my colleagues carry Verizon phone with him all the time ? Because AT&T 's cellular coverage terrible .	'Because iPhone 3 G is just a toy .
What doesWang Ping have for lunch ? Rice , chicken vegetables .	'Vegetables 
Which of the following statements best expresses the author 's view ? The words people use influence behavior .	'Aggressive behavior in sports can have serious consequences .
From what the driver said , we could know Doyle England	'Doyle could not speak French
In what way is the whiteface different from the auguste ? He plays leading role performances .	'He wears more attractive clothes .
In the following statements , which one is NOT TRUE ? The concentration PM 2.5 risen , decrease soon .	'The tourism in Beijing was influenced by the hazy weather .
According to the passage , which of the following sentences is WRONG ? People world celebrate Chinese New Year .	'All the Chinese like the Spring Festival .
What did Greg Rota probably do in the end ? Returned prize organizer ,	'Apologized to Wobum High School .
What do many teachers and parents complain about ? They complain that computers make students children fall behind	'their students and children use computers to study .
The reason why many readers were moved to tears by the fake speech is that written literary style	"""it was based on Tu 's real life"
The main idea of the passage is to tell us something endangered animal	'how green turtles got extinct
According to Rowan Pelling , we can learn that procrastinators . may upset loved ones frequently	'are able to work best under pressure
What is the e - schoolbag used for ? It ca n't help students read text paper book	'send e - mails
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? People likely wait loading films maps	'The quality of pictures comes first for video websites .
What forms an adequate working knowledge of English ? It difficult judge differs situation .	'Being able to speak several languages .
It can be inferred from the passage that different people may different ways fight colds	'now scientists have found out practical treatment for colds
The experts tried to find out , when repeating positive self - statements , different influences people different levels self - confidence	'whether males or females will get more benefit from self - help books
What faces the city government as a serious problem ? The overgrowing plants area become big danger fire .	'Fires destroyed thirty homes in a neighborhood four years ago .
What can we know about convenience friends ? People may ask convenience friends pick children .	'People may share their sorrow and pain with their convenience friends .
The purpose of opening the company is to spread love culture seeds .	'see whether they can open a company .
The US researches are trying to find Both A B	'if games harmkids
In order to protect Silbo Gomero , Busuu.com     teaches Internet	'attracts people to visit La Gomero Island
According to the article , the writer is probably brave girl willing correct mistakes	'a rude girl who enjoys making fun of others
We can infer from the passage that math problems related stories make great difference	'children using the app for three months can see gains in math achievement
What is the best title for the passage ? College Lectures : Continue Not ?	'College Lectures : Graduates or Undergraduates ?
Which of the following statements is TURE according to the passage ? French n't like others asking careers .	'There is no moment of silence when you talk with French .
The research program is chiefly designed for high school students different places	'high school advisers from Houston
Which of the following is NOT true ? There n't living things deserts .	'The greatest desert makers are humans .
If you 'd like to buy what you like , you had better go to old city Majorca	'Palma beach resorts
What can we learn from the passage ? Dogs understand man 's feelings .	'Dogs are as clever as human beings .
The purpose of this passage is to tell people SmartEyeglass go sale	'introduce an accelerometer developed by the Google company
According to Vladimir Ilyich Tolstoy , the Russian government did n't arrange activities to celebrate the anniversary values historical factor	"""because of Tolstoy 's disapproval of state - backed religion"
Why did the artist step back again ? To better look painting .	'To paint a bow in his painting .
International Studies is a course in     international politics	'international business
What is the main idea of this passage ? Some insects animals use colors protect .	'Some insects and animals have different skills .
We can infer from the text that effect regular family meals boys differs girls	'Ms Dalton advises parents to get children under full control
From the passage we learn that Bush first president accept Jewish settlements Palestinian territories	'Palestinians and Israelis are in peace
According to the passage , Gambale believed Locata would help develop smart robots ' creation	'did the experiment at White Sands last month
What information can you get at the Cultural References ? How Van Gogh influenced today 's society .	'How those around Van Gogh affected his life .
The author will probably agree that fitness much gaining losing weight	'mental health is the most important in weight loss
Which of the following is WRONG according to passage ? Philip Caveney also prize 2007 .	"""The novel Darkside is Tom Becker 's first novel ."
What is the advantage   of overhead bridges mentioned in this passage ? They safer passengers keep traffic moving time .	'Passengers can climb up and have a good view of the city .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? It 's easier athletes learn play instrument .	'Modes are still used in modern music .
Which of the following is TRUE about Vishal ? He author lots common interests .	'The author had met him on her first trip to Fiji .
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To remind people keeping beautiful dream .	'To encourage people to love each other .
On the street , men walk closer side ladies traffic .	'walk near the ladies
"The best title for this passage is ""    More 10 % pilots allowed fly armed"	'Less than 10 % of pilots allowed to fly armed
Why did n't the first man tell the fact ? He wanted friend drink chili oil .	'He wanted his friend to cry for his father .
In the next part , the author would most probably discuss with you make good use time	'how to keep up with the time
Which of the following is true according to the text ? You 'll save money buy alcohol perfume Downtown Duty Free .	"""You 'll not find any beach clothing for your seven - year - old boy in Beach Culture ."
The author changed her mind on her son 's picture taking because realized truth inspired surrounding examples	"""her son 's pictures finally struck her"
What do we know about Cheryssa Jensen ? She twenty - seven years old .	'She found a job near her parents .
The author was unhappy with the product because promise made box	'the directions of the product contained a mistake
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? Sticky sweets damaging teeth .	'Eating garlic is good for our eyes .
Doctors different ideas medical effects cold - water swimming [	'encourage people to take part in cold - water swimming activity
What can we do to relax ourselves according to the passage ? Taking walk .	'asking questions .
The author mainly tells us that life without TV colorful	"'life would be boring without TV', ""people ca n't spend the week without shows and soaps"
What 's the author 's purpose in writing this passage ? To attract tourists .	'To give some advice on diving .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Teachers may like program .	'Schools are trying to make profits .
Which of the following is true ? Many wise people think communicating others needs skills .	'Getting feedback from others can be valueless in improving our interpersonal skills .
Which of the following is true ? The moment open eyes light book travels eyes .	'All the things you can see give off light .
Most people believe that animals zoos live longer life	'zoos are not good for animals to live in
In the beginning , Lady Sport Riders was organized to share great interest sport motorcycling	'allow women to take up motorcycling
Which of the following is NOT true ? Reporters interested new happening past .	'Today 
The passage is mainly about two sides computer games	'how to improve your computer games skills
Many people do n't care about too much of the wax coating on the instant noodles because They n't know hidden danger	'They enjoy the taste of the wax coating
The purpose of the campaign is to give people chances close nature	"'ask health professionals to offer useful advice', ""protect the country 's wildlife and environment"
Russia had so many fires in one month in 2010 because hot , dry windy	'lightening spread the fire
What does Ms Ormiston think about awareness weeks ? Most awareness weeks making money .	'Official groups should take the place of charities in awareness campaigns .
What is the main purpose of this passage ? To attract tourists Pacaya .	'To introduce guided tours to Pacaya .
Why did Katzmarzyk and his colleagues turn to a government - run survey ? To know long people sit watch TV	"""To find what citizens do in their spare time '"
What happened in the 1970s ? The American waistline started expand .	'The US government recommended the amount of food a restaurant gave to a customer .
Which of the following does Easterlin paradox support ? High income necessarily ensure life satisfaction .	"'People in faster places may suffer from poorer health .', ""Happiness is possible only when one 's basic needs are met ."
What would be the best title for this passage ? The Growing List Wonders World .	'Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
"The correct statement about the dog in the expression""to 1ead a dog 's life""is homeless dog"	'a lucky dog
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To lead us consider 's important human connections .	'To instruct people how to do with emails .
The cause of the accident is that white car going fast	'the red car was going too slowly
Which of the following is NOT true of Professor Cuddy 's concepts ? Liars unlikely identified words match actions well .	"'Trust is more important than respect to win a good impression in meeting people for the first time .', ""Young people tend to win people 's respect instead of winning people 's trust early in their careers ."
What does Code For Sustainable Homes do ? Sets national standards design constructions .	'Assists with self - builds .
According to the text , a panda spends two thirds time eating	"""wo n't eat other plants than bamboo"
From the passage , we know that The old woman understand writer well .	'The writer wanted to hit the old woman .
What should parents do according to the author ? Prepare children future leave home .	"'Help children fill out their college applications .', ""Fallinto children 's lives at college admission time ."
What can we learn from the passage ? Creative trade names help companies larger sale .	'Many companies care about the cost of finding the right names .
In what aspects do The United States and Japan show worry for AIIB ? Regulation running	'The number of joining countries
What happened in the end ? The note still pocket .	'He forgot to cook the meat .
Who works in different countries now ? Mr. Smith brother .	'Mr. and Mrs. Smith .
The purpose of this passage is to introduce Marlon Brando one greatest actors	"""inform us of Marlon Brando 's attitude to civil rights movement"
How did Laia Martin respond to the complaints ? She soundproofed room .	"'She stopped playing the piano .', ""She did n't admit she played at home ."
It is implied but not directly stated in the passage that with the use of word processors secretaries lose jobs	'daily jobs can be done automatically outside office hours
How can English benefit you in America ? You 'll communicate doctors pharmacists better .	'You can find cheap 
The passage mainly tells us that    . impact Ya'an earthquake China 's pandas	"""a 7 . 0-magnitude strong earthquake hit Ya'an"
According to the text , which statement is right ? Most translators like Mr. Rady face danger militants every day .	"'Iraqi soldiers brought back peace and stability to Basra by driving militants over the Iranian border .', ""Mr. Bassam Rady did n't feel the danger from the two motorbike riders until he was shot at ."
In the television advertisement , Doris looks bored because Her husband n't care much	"""she does n't like the breakfast that morning"
Pipilu Sending You 100 Lives has been adapted into a play by Star Dream Factory	'Huang Qin .
Better eating habits may be best developed schooldays	'with less soda availability
Which sentence is TRUE according to the passage ? Jerry hurt last .	'At first 
Why did Einstein and Merits get divorced ? Because war stopped Merits coming back Berlin .	"""Because Merits did n't love Einstein after the war broke out ."
The text is mainly written to attract people visit Alaska	'tell people how to visit Alaska
We can learn from the text that the Industrial Revolution also side --effects society	"""led to Adam Smith 's idea of specialization"
Psychologists apply violin - practice as an example to support the idea that practice plays key role development ability	"""a man 's ability has little to do with one 's intelligence"
How many hours of sunshine are enough to keep tomato plants growing in Hoffman 's garden ? five hours day	'Six hours a day
Which of the following is the best way to guard against virus ? To upgrade computer .	'To load an up - to - date anti - virus program into our computer
Learning English well can help us in the following things EXCEPT cheating others easily	'finding many more good jobs
Which of the following shows that the generation gap is disappearing ? Parents share interests children .	"'Parents help their children develop interests in more activities .', ""Parents put more trust in their children 's abilities ."
When Flustered 's boss is n't willing to separate their work , Flustered can follow second advice	'invite the boss to listen to the girl
One can enjoy live music in Valley Center Western Days & Bates Nut Farm	'Bates Nut Farm & Valley Center Wellness Spa
Rachel is sure that     colleague studies n't prepare well job	'getting an MBA is necessary for her job
From the passage we can infer that author football fan foreign country .	'Cuju is the name of an ancient Chinese variation of football .
Which of the following statements is wrong ? The writer lives Britain .	'American banks use expensive stationery .
According to the text , Neumann 's father believed that mathematician could n't earn lot money	'a mathematician needed a good memory
According to the passage , the most important way to be green is to call others protect Earth	'try our best to stop driving cars
What is troubling John now ? He ca n't speak normally communicating others .	'He feels nervous when speaking to strangers .
What is the main point of the article ? Arguments use emoticons .	'The history of the use of emoticons .
Which of the following is TRUE about Randfontein ? small underdeveloped place	'It is a big city in South Africa
What is the purpose of regulating a recall system for faulty cars ? For better protection rights interests Chinese consumers .	'To limit the sales of imported cars in China .
Which of the following is WRONG according to the passage The writer accepted money street person gave .	"""The street person was poor and did n't dress well ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to this passage ? In India , left hand used sign respect others .	"'In Europe ', ' using the left hand is considered less respected .', 'In Thailand ', "" you 'd better cross your legs when sitting or talking ."
All of the following are mentioned in the passage as reasons for studying abroad EXCEPT learning get along people	'improving communication skills and self - confidence
Which is the best title for the passage ? A French writer wins 2008 Nobel Prize Literature .	'Four Nobel Prizes have been handed out this year .
Acid rain can . kill fish rivers lakes	'bring great changes in our weather
Which of the following statements is true according the passage ? We could clone extinct animals theory .	'Jurassic Park is a cloned animal .
What can we learn from the survey ? The older person , less online friends may	'Girls have remarkably more friends than boys
According to the passage , branded stations offer steady oil supply	'have more staff than independent stations
People and animals are afraid of kind ants	'all kinds of ants
The best title for this passage may be Tell Mum I love	'Deliver the roses
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Oliver born world cold day .	'Many people 
According to the passage , the Japanese fix their gaze on their conversation partner 's neck because n't much opportunity communicate eye contact babyhood	"""they do n't like to keep their eyes on the face of the speaker"
The passage mainly tells us Xi set discuss important bilateral problems	"""Xi 's five - day official trip"
Scientists explain that outside earth made lots different plates	'the outside of the earth is made of a plate
It can be inferred from the passage that words Sacagawea Golden Dollar	'the new coin can buy more than the old coin
"What result does "" the lake effect "" bring to the eastern shore ? Heavy snowfalls"	'Seasonal winds
What is the best title for the text ? African elephants conservation	"'Living with African elephants', ""African elephants ' situation"
Some students in Bob 's new school thought Bob Peter	'John was Peter
According to the writer , which of the following can often be found in any large English dictionary ? The reason word certain meaning .	'Where all the new words come from .
Which of the following is a good title for this passage ? School Athletes Risk Damage Drugs	'The Pressure to School Boys are Too Much
What did a group of graduates talk about when they visited their old professor ? The complaints stress work life .	'How to make the most delicious coffee .
The family began making preparations immediately after one members saw boat	'the keeper put on the dress uniform and cap
The test conducted by Buffler shows that when a person feels comfortable warmth , he receives about 40 mw . / sq . cm .	'20 mw . / sq . cm .
Compared with many adult chefs , Mc Garry much impressive cooking experience young age	'has the best cooking equipment in his kitchen
"Mrs Chen wanted to buy a new dress . Her husband suggested that she buy it from a shop near their home . Mrs Chen disagreed because she had been cheated by that shop . Then she said : "" I wo n't go there again because   Once bitten , twice shy"	'a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
From the passage we know that aptitude testing becoming popular worldwide	'job applicants are always asked such questions
When the author was little , he often imagined college would like	"'considered going to college scary', ""did n't study hard to prepare for college"
Who cleaned the milk finally ? Robert father	'Robert and his mother
From the passage we can know that talk nothing changed	'the children have stopped practicing in the evenings
Which of the following is NT true according to the passage ? Most countries n't want print names stamps .	'Hobbies and collections are a great way to have fun .
. The barber advised John hair cut short	'to cut off all of his hair
This passage mainly tells us that Americans usually fast food , pay special attention cooking well	'Americans like to have several different colors of food on the plate
It can be inferred from the text that parents teachers think basketball suitable girls .	'P.E. teachers think girls are good at playing volleyball and badminton .
Why should we talk in a friendly way when returning an item to a store ? Because friendly words cause positive responses .	'Because kind words build up complex relationships .
What is the passage mainly about ? Why people like using e - cards .	'Different cards for different people .
Why are more products and services created for teenagers ? .Because children money buy .	'Because companies are creating better products and services .
""" the younger the child the less his chances of catching up with first - grade work . "" suggests that early childhood education helpless child 's grade"	'it is good for the young children to receive early education
We learn from the passage that Charlitte 's Web good book children also adults	'is the most interesting book for children
Which of the following is NOT true ? Swimming thunder storm good idea .	'In the U.S about one person per day dies from lightning .
Brenda started to give concerts practiced space bubble	'when she became part of the unique space journey
Li Dong in No . 41 Middle School likes her students to use the Internet because she thinks students get background information others	'thinks surfing the net can help students spend less time on homework
The telephone is in    	"""Mr. Brown 's"
What is the best title for the passage ? A unique method supply water plants .	'How to plant grapevines well .
What is the purpose of writing the passage ? To warn people danger alien plant seeds Antarctica .	'To introduce the native environment of Antarctica .
Why did Barrett cut her long hair ? Because wanted help children cancer .	'Because she liked short hair very much .
"Why does the author say "" we live in a world where you simply can not keep a secret "" ? People leave traces around using modern technology ."	"""Many search engines profit by revealing people 's identities ."
When are Mother 's Day and Father 's Day ? second Sunday May third Sunday June	'the second Sunday in June and the third Sunday in May
What can we learn from the passage ? Hello Kitty teacher thinks Green Eyes good .	'Green Eyes is a book about numbers .
What causes people to feel uncomfortable when entering the an elevator ? The subconscious power struggle .	'The manner people went into the lift .
What happened to the Chinese patient mentioned in the passage ? He attacked animal .	'He received several operations in hospital .
In the United States the favorite food is hamburger	'Chinese food
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Biological clock predicts life expectancy	'Geneticist finds anti - aging interventions
When giving pocket money to children , parents should give regular times	'give them lots of money so that they can share the family wealth
George did n't learn who the robber really was until Mr. Charles explained	'Mr. Bell began taking an audit
Why was Tu Youyou awarded the Nobel Prize ? Her discovery greatly reduced death rate caused malaria	'Her work has inspired traditional Chinese medicine
The black hole pull everything know world	'continues becoming smaller and smaller all the time
What would be the best title for this story ? An Ungrateful Man	'Soldier and King
Which is the safest way for a woman when she gets lost along the way ? Asking way store restaurant .	'Looking at maps when she is in the street .
"What does the sentence""It 's true that most Americans eat fast food for their breakfast and lunch""mean?It means like eating fast food"	'they only eat fast food
What is the passage mainly about ? The arrival cyber pocket money .	'Online shopping traps .
Supposing you are able to understand some words such as Clinton while listening , what would you do ? Get habit reading English every day .	'Use gestures to help you .
What kind of people are more likely to apologize ? Confident people .	'Intelligent people .
According the passage , we can know that GSM is global mobile communication system	'a global - used mobile phone
What 's the purpose of the writer to write this passage ? To share methods using computer us .	'To share happiness in using mail with us .
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Fly Restrictions	'Where to Fly
At first $ 10 paid three	'$ 27 was paid by the three men
When a consumer finds that his or her purchase has a fault in it , the first thing he or she should do is to show written proof purchase store	'complain personally to the manager
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Ideas successful high school life .	'Have a happy school life .
The researchers at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm conducted the new study hoping to know exercise contributes reducing someone 's risk depression	'if exercise cushions against depression
Which of the following is true ? The writer 's brother lived Sacramento .	'The story happened in Chicago .
According to the passage , right - handers good organizers	'learn better visually
Which can be seen as the climax ( the most important point ) of the story ? The father 's running onto field encouraging son give .	"""The boy 's going to his knees and bursting into tears helplessly ."
What can be inferred from the text ? Proper exercise contributes good health .	'No exercise at all is the best choice .
The purpose of the study is to prove that babies really sense numbers	'numbers are easier for babies to judge than images
Which of the following has the longest history according to the passage ? A musical instrument named tenor viol .	'Yale Center for British Art .
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Child Identity Theft	'How to Avoid Identity Theft
The reason why Zach tried to get along with Bradley is that wanted improve relationship Bradley	"""he did n't know how to spend his time"
According to the passage , what is a biological clock ? It refers women 's certain life period .	"""It 's a clock made of biological matters ."
"What do we know from the passage ? More children want go boarding schools 
 Harry Potter novels ."	'More and more children go and visit Hogwarts on their own .
"Why are Bollywood films often called "" masala "" films ? They mix different styles movies ."	'They are much longer than Hollywood films .
Of the following statements , which we ca n't infer from the passage ? When hit , men virtual world react angrily .	'Men in the experiment can temporarily have the wrong feeling that they are women .
Backster was surprised at the results of his studies because found plants could express feelings shock	'he destroyed an insect
What does Viorica Marian seem to believe ? Speaking two languages easier way people increase brain power .	'People should do crossword puzzles to keep their minds sharp .
We can learn from the passage that people may worry food homes .	'people can return the food to the supermarkets
When you are in England , you must always remember that traffic drives left .	'there are not any traffic lights .
According to Toby Porter , he does not agree that makes little sense rank countries best worst world grow old	'older people have not been included in the developing plan for a long time
What might be the best title for the story ? Fewer Senior High Graduates Go College	'Cool Jobs for Senior High Graduates
The dog looked hungry	'angrily at Jack
We can infer from the passage thief stole car easily	'the dog was treated extremely badly by the thief
Which is the TRUE according to the text ? Regular check - ups prevent serious illnesses beginning .	'Jogging with a friend is better than walking on the beach in the mornings 
What caused Jenny to write the letter ? Failing find satisfactory card .	'Getting along well with her father .
If you want to learn how to educate your children , you should contact Olmsted Falls Library	'Bay Village Branch
Which of the following is TRUE ? Li Ming thinks red lucky color .	'Linda is a nurse 
According to Dr. Ian Drysdale , 's good idea wear boots like UGG outside time	'there is a possibility that bacteria will multiply in UGG boots
The trainer who believed in Arcaro gave him chances because impressed way Arcaro stuck dream	'Arcaro had shown great talents in horse racing
What kind of music does the writer like ? Rock pop music	'Rock and dance music
Where can a foreigner read this kind of notice ? At Customs .	"'On 18 F ', ' Wu Chung House ', "" 213 Queen 's Rd . East "
What 's the key to opening the door of studying English for Lisa ? Learning talk Americans English .	'Listening to American radio and watch American TV .
"What 's the main idea of this passage ? "" One ring""calls great harm society ."	'Mobile phones do people more harm than good .
Which of the following statements is true of airbags ? They need improvement .	'They kill people instead of protecting them in low - speed collisions .
We can learn from the text that The solar dome necessary part underground cities .	'H. G. Wells once went to moon himself .
What do we know about Basilicus basilicus from the passage ? It run across water certain speed .	'It is light enough to walk on water .
It can be inferred from the text that It may harder university graduate find job future .	'Delaying the retirement age is a very complicated issue .
What 's the order of Steven 's swapping process ? An old phone - new phone - laptop - street bike - Porsche .	'An old phone - a new phone - a street bike - a laptop - a Porsche .
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? The Arrangement The Letters Keyboard	'The Story of Christopher Latham Sholes
The new ID card will make bank business safer because fingerprint data protect people 's identity used others	"""the bank worker ca n't know the person 's information"
What are the public 's attitudes towards the plan ? They hold different opinions .	'They will attend the council meeting .
If you are free on Oct.29 , which venue would you like to visit ? China Film Archive	'China National Film Museum
What 's the advantage of seeing America by train ? Traveling train gives people time see things .	'There are more services on the train than any other
". The passage is mainly about "" ant tribe 's "" dream reality"	"'a new urban life style--""ant tribe """
What did Lamason say about the feelings of the workers and volunteers ? They physically tired emotionally hurt .	'They were very happy to see so many whales .
Which of the following best describes the main idea of this passage ? A boy learned responsible .	'A boy began to wash dishes .
After reading the passage , we can know Beijing government agreed test device	"""the device does n't work well indoors"
Which of the following opinions does the PCRM support ? Milk harmful students ' health .	'Students should drink more milk each day .
According to the author , which of the following is an effective studying method ? Do n't try review everything learned one go .	"""Try to review what you 've learned in one go ."
Bryan 's hobby is the result of combining which two boyhood interests ? Building things stacking cards .	'Plant cells and honeycombs .
We can infer from the passage that the author holds objective attitude issue .	'feels optimistic about the future of GreenPlug .
Which of the following might the philosopher Andy Clark agree with ? Intelligence mixture environment , people one 's brain cells .	"""Intelligence is something that is made by one 's brain itself ."
Chinese parents think that staying away schoolbooks means wasting time	'taking part in all kinds of activities at school can make their children mature
It can be inferred from the passage that a man who eats more meat tends to better relationship others .	'have a higher rate of psychological disorders .
Which of the following statements about Mud festival is NOT true ? Mud Festival dates back first half 20	'Mud Festival is held in January every year .
Which of the following is true according to the text ? Not participants required tell truth .	"""People who tell lies are healthier than those who do n't ."
From the passage we can learn new railway technology may help railway lines built abroad	"""Xinjiang 's annual goods ability can increase nearly four times"
What is the deciding factor for the robots to win the game ? The ability kicking .	'The ability to find the ball .
What can we conclude from the article ? The author wrote article others would able understand generation better .	'The author is envious of her parents enjoying a big house at her age .
The box boy refused to accept tips because store n't allow box boys take tips	'customers only gave small tips
Where is Lucy 's hat ? On clothes tree .	'On the clothes line .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? People born spring may good health .	'Children born under Aquarius are cleverer than those born under Libra .
We can infer from the passage that    It 's hope love nurse believed Little Annie could recover	'Helen Keller and Anne Sullivan were both blind and deaf .
When did Albert Mannes decide to do the research ? When people treated respectfully shaved thinning hair .	'Long before he shaved his own thinning hair .
From the passage we can infer that Women usually decide buy family	'The Internet is used in all the shops
Which one is NOT true in the following statements about Audrey Hepburn ? In 1988 , Audrey ended acting career became special ambassador United Nations UNICEF fund .	'Before she headed to America to try her luck there 
When a person has got an electric shock , you should keep victim warm help breathe	'separate the victim from the appliance and let them sit up
What is the main idea of this passage ? Smart phones lengthening working hours .	'Smart phones are becoming valuable for many people .
What kind of party is Mrs. Green holding ? Mary Green 's birthday party	"""Mr. Green 's birthday party"
What can we learn from the passage ? You 'd better avoid visiting Roma museums Christmas .	'The Roma Pass card is valid for at least 72 hours .
We know from the passage that student knew expected answer	'the administrator told Bohr the height
Why did doctors stress the risk about using phones outside in lightening ? Because deaths caused .	'Because lightning is harmful for the brain .
What is the best title for the passage ? China 's quick growth electric bicycle	"'How to make electric bicycles', ""The world 's biggest producer of electric bicycles"
What do you think of the letter from Nurse Austen ? A valuable letter .	'An interesting letter .
Underemployment occurs mainly because colleges producing graduates needed	'more graduates tend to take unskilled jobs
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Susan helped writer appreciate American festivals .	'The writer lent a Chinese dress to Susan to wear at Halloween .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the text ? Yard work often needed northern climate .	'Teens are encouraged to get money by working .
Which of the following statements is NOT RIGHT according to the passage ? We use special machine polish curling stone .	'Kays of Scotland has been curling stone maker for more than 150 years .
What is the best title for the passage ? Three Types Loneliness	'How to Get Rid of Loneliness
"Individuals trying to "" rediscover themselves "" fail to realize that existed something worth making happy"	"""they have n't got lost in the material life"
What will the author do to respond to his friend 's request for watching the video ? He put tell white lie .	'He will do as his friend asks . \\
More and more people intend to acquire a degree of MIB because helps get good jobs organizations	'it is a compulsory course in the colleges
Which of the following best defines the term seasonal affective disorder in Para.2 ? exhaustion , depression lack energy caused lack sunlight	'mild temperature and a general feeling of illness caused by gray winter
What is the main idea of the story ? A sailor reunited hat years losing .	'A sailor looked for his hat for years .
From the short story we know that educated man always clever .	'the teacher was cleverer than the farmer .
We can know from the passage that easy father find new job	'the father asked his sons to give up their allowance
Which of the following is TRUE about teenagers ? Their cultures influenced behavior less .	'Their brains have almost stopped developing .
What would be the best title for this passage ? How important degree ?	'People used to be hard - working
From the passage we know that Times sells lower price	'the Times has improved a great deal and everyone likes to read it
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The majority emails sent junk emails .	'The only purpose of junk mail is to infect your computer .
Why should you leave some small branches on the way to get some water ? So come back place lost	'So that you can find the water
What would be the best title for the passage ? www.ks5u.com A look beauty contests	'The origin of beauty contests
Which of the following is TRUE ? All	'Hope Project helps the poor children to go to school
Which of the following is most likely NOT true ? All words writer knows learned reading .	'Some of the words the writer knows must have been misunderstood .
Which of the following is forbidden when dating according to the passage ? Going dating stranger .	'Knowing the plan for the evening .
According to Dr Kurt Straif , we can learn that air pollution man environmental cause , cancer deaths	'the effect of the . smoggy weather is gradual
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The old man said Mr. White 's picture best one last .	'The birds came and ate the apples up .
What contributed to the success of the author 's volunteering project in the Alps ? The group leader ensured project would beneficial sides .	"""The volunteers were quite familiar with Swiss farmers ' lives ."
Which of the following is mentioned in the passage ? China Telecom accesses many cities nationwide four .	"'China Unicom charges IDD calls more than the other four firms .', ""China Mobile 's coverage is the least of the five firms ."
What is the main idea of the passage ? Modern technology seems separating people .	'We may no longer need to communicate with other people .
From the writer 's viewpoint , industrial society full pressures therefore bad people 's health	'is highly developed and beneficial to people
The high repayment rate of the loan suggests that people hope take advantage loan get poverty	'it is easy to make money with the aid of micro - credits
The purpose of writing the article is to introduce Miyazaki 's retirement features    animation films	"""show the writer 's sadness for Miyazaki 's retirement from the animation industry"
Which of the following about Sparky is true ? He n't lose hope drawing	'He got a good grade in physics .
The passage mainly tells us something about birth Wiffle ball	'Davey 
This passage mainly discusses qualities friend	'where to choose friends
From the passage , we know that chocolate good us , eat much	'chocolate was popular in Germany before
What does the speaker think is the root cause why adults call kids childish ? That adults driven age - discrimination kids .	'That kids like being called that way .
The reason why older people 's attention is easily distracted may be that fewer neurons RDLPEC	'their brain region is too large
what kinds of jobs does Assured Labor offer ? Both A B *	'Temporary jobs .
We can learn from the passage that gardening takes lots time effort	'gardening gives a few rewards to humans
What is the best title for the passage ? China Wants Cheaper , Quicker Internet .	"""China 's Internet Economy ."
The author 's father kissed the author good night because realized mistake courage admit	'he promised to study math harder
How did Eric Rignot and his team do the research ? They used satellite observations , radar computer models know things happening ice .	"""He serves as senior research scientist at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ."
The tourist asks every taxi - driver his name because    knows one taxi - drivers	'he knows one of the taxi - drivers
Which of the following is NOT true ? All british able travel foreign countries .	'Those who got home enjoy telling others about their holidays .
"Which of the verses has similar meaning to the saying "" All is not gold that glitters ; but gold will glitter forever . "" ? verse 100"	'verse 69
What is the passage mainly about ? Beijing third Chinese destination SWISS .	'SWISS already started direct flights to Shanghai .
The writer made Robby perform last because wanted something save poor performance	'Robby asked the writer to do so
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Food poisoning means death .	'Food when poisoned can make people sick .
Why does the author write this passage ? To inform readers interesting subject .	'To encourage the store owners to use smells .
The researchers found the virus help map honey bee genes	'with the help of colony collapse disorder
Which is TURE according to the passage ? All telephones look .	'Jay was a singer .
What is the author mainly arguing in the passage ? Immediate rewards exercise emphasized .	'Distant benefits should be the motivators for exercise .
Which of the following is Not true ? All big lottery winners want end marriages .	'Some lottery winners might decide to move to a bigger house .
Which of the following is true according to the passage above ? The doctor trust short man disliked .	"""The short man willingly paid the little girl 's family a hundred pounds ."
On Halloween , many choices horror films see .	'witches 
Why do animals lay many eggs ? Because animals may eat babies .	'Because they use their eggs for food .
Singing English songs can help us , EXCEPT sing songs better	'remember new words
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the text ? Nearly 10 % world 's plant species native Yunnan Province .	"""The Nature Conservancy has been working in China 's northwest Yunan Province ."
What 's the most difficult thing for the author ? Building assurance find place life .	'Learning to manage his life alone .
What is the purpose of writing this story ? To persuade people care old men	'To introduce how he taught an old man to fish
Your refrigerator is not working and you have found that the electric power has been cut off . The power failure is a    sufficient cause	'necessary cause
From the passage , we can infer that n't go boss 's office angry	"'you can present the boss with a problem only .', 'when you offer advice to your boss ', "" do n't think of the troubles he may have ."
From the passage we can see Liu Xiang content go back training	"'Liu Xiang will win Golden League Series on Sunday', ""Liu Xiang was n't good at social activities"
When did the man 's behaviour begin to change ? About six months Gertie arrived .	'When Gertie was nearly two years old .
Which statement about Armstrong is true ? His music popular listeners .	"'His tale begins in New Orleans .', 'He was born before jazz was invented .', ""He learned popular music at a boy 's home ."
Small pieces of pottery and broken clay pipe on the site could lead important discoveries Shakespeare	"""could show Shakespeare 's luxurious life"
In the second shop find sweater right size colour	'they buy a sweater of the right size and colour
Which of the following is true about the pulses of heat in the study ? Each heat pulse lasted 20 seconds .	'The pulses were given to the arms of the volunteers .
What can we learn from the text ? Nancy 's office gathers used clothes women	"""Nancy 's grandfather lent her the money to set up the office ."
According to the passage , the young customer would have earned PS 20,000 , shares gone value amount fell	'paid his debts 
What can we learn from the passage ? To Mandy , everything Thailand amazing .	"'Pattaya Beach is the most beautiful beach in Thailand .', ""Mandy has learnt to ride the elephant in Mr Phairat 's hometown ."
The play Big and Little is mainly about life experience lonely woman	'the life of a Performing Arts student on Clayton campus
The scouts shake snow from evergreen bushes in order to give men behind something see	'prevent the men behind losing their way
What can be learned from this text ? Some squirrels understand recorded alarm calls .	'Squirrels communicate with cach other as humans do .
Which of the following is TRUE about the characters in Modern Family ? Jay wife often thought couple ages far apart .	'There are always fights between Phil and Claire because of their different ways of raising kids .
Which of the following is TRUE , according to the text ? Children using Mandometer ate less trial .	'25 % of children are obese in Britain .
From what her parents say , we know still regard child	"""they do n't want her to spend money"
Which of the following statements is CORRECT ? Biologists conducting research psychologists given	'Brain differences point to superiority of one sex over the other .
What does the passage mainly want to tell us ? several ways work within short time	'short exercise does no good to health
Amin 's belief is that must find new ways promote sales country	'people all over the world enjoy eating their potato chips
We can infer from the passage that praise efforts encouraged	"'praise for results works better than praise for efforts', ""praising a child 's achievements benefits his or her success in life"
In a football match , Team A gets 0 and Team B gets 2 , then Team B wins	'Team A wins
The main idea of the passage is antimatter potential application	'how antimatter was discovered
What is the best title for the passage ? Nature 's greatest miracle	'The great secret of life
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? The writer deep hatred mother .	'The writer is very thankful to her mother .
The waiter had n't let out the truth of the old man 's story earlier because old man helped cafe way	"'he was nobody but the best friend of the old man', ""the old man would n't pay for his coffee if he did"
What can be the best title of the passage ? Tips Whale Watching	'Memories of Whale Watching
The best statement of the main ides of this passage is that environment vital determine person 's intelligence	'human brains differ considerably
Which of the following about the aircraft carrier is true ? Liaoning developed basis Varyag .	"'rrhe former Soviet Union gave the ship to China for free .', ""Liaoning is specially made for New China 's 63 \n rdbirthday ."
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To offer tips finding dream career .	'To explain what a dream career really is .
What is the main idea of the text ? Delivering bad news properly important communication .	'Receiving bad news requires great courage .
According to the passage , the Shenzhou X sent space June 11 , 2013	'sent many supplies to the manned space station
According to the news report , the old 110 metres hurdles world record kept two years since 2004 Athens Olympics	'was shared by Liuxiang and Jackson in Stuttgart 
Which of the following might be the best title for this passage ? Time Culture	'The Measurement of Time
The 1913 Men Study helps us to realize that something lengthen life	"""we do n't need to take drugs for our diseases"
According to Olsen - Santana , he must be feeling that . failed test	'he could have passed the test
The young archer wanted to kill the old man because could become greatest archer	'the old man refused to teach him everything
What ' s the writer ' s purpose of writing this passage ? To help improve relationship parents children .	'To tell the parents how to do help their children out of trouble .
The tribes involved in earlier studies n't use money daily life	"'often dealt with big numbers .', ""did n't have their own language"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The two huge marble poles carved two languages .	'Guozijian Street is the same in color1s as other Beijing hutongs .
We can learn from the passage that Simon Shearman thinks Britain particularly suitable place wind farms .	"""there wo n't be a global disaster before the world runs out of oil ."
If you go to New York on business now , live comfortably less money	'you have no choice but to choose luxury hotels
Which of the following is true about Mariam ? She spoke favour Malala 's action interview .	'Malala event motivated her to work years for children .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Ethanol added gasoline according American law .	"""Forty percent of the nation 's com crop is now made into fuel"
In China , air pollution is more difficult to solve   Which of the following is not the reason ? . Chinese government pays little attention .	"'Most pollution comes from the factories', ""Changing from ' coal to cleaner fuel is quite expensive"
How will the new museums promote a popular culture of museums ? By showing ordinary people collected .	'By collecting more tangible things .
Which of the following statements about Ez - Link cards is true ? Fares taken upon ride automatically .	"""They 're only available for Singapore 's local people ."
Amanda went to Hawarden in order to watch brother play	'serve as umpire
Hearing the Sunday anthem at the church , Soapy was reminded of disgraceful past determined transform	'his good old days and wanted to play the anthem again
This passage is mainly about reasons children get short - sightedness use smartphones correctly .	'the history of smartphones .
At Jackson School , turn tutor necessary	"""you ca n't move out of a home stay family"
The purpose of this passage is to introduce start writing group	'train highlevel students to start up a writing group
"The last sentence in the letter means ""   Both Maria 's life change lot"	'If Maria goes to school 
Which of the following is true ? If take gift Christmas party , 'd better take something useful inexpensive .	'For a birthday party 
The passage seems to say that different ideas about what advertising is are given due to change time	"'the subject of the advertisements', ""people 's age difference"
What 's the writer 's opinion   ? He thinks people responsible .	"""He does n't think farmers are responsible ."
What does the text mainly talk about ? What best purchase .	'How you can spend your summer outside .
What kind of presents do n't Americans usually open in front of the givers ? Christmas birthday presents .	'The small presents .
What can we get from the passage ? Dave spent 5 months skating Perth Brisbane .	'Dave skated a total of 4
We can learn from the passage that EDDes experienced violent storms	"'the storm hit the town without any warning', ""Eppes was n't in the house when the storm came"
What do her friends do before Mrs. Ai dies ? They come see cook fish heads ,	'They come to ask her why she likes eating fish heads 
The young man was very surprised because The old man could see nothing .	'The old man was deaf .
What can we learn from the study of Anne Case and Christina Paxson ? Taller children perform significantly better cognitive test .	'Tall people earn more than their shorter counterparts .
Francis Tresham wrote the letter to his relative to warn danger killed	'reveal the names of the conspirators
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The dark side EQ .	'The importance of EQ to readers .
What would be the best title for this text ? Physical Activities	'Training Our Bodies
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? American people ages like going watch baseball games .	'Americans spend a large amount of money on ball games .
Which of the following is FALSE about Samaranch ? Samaranch born Russia .	'Samaranch ruled IOC for 21 years .
Brett Reggio started a business in order to store DAN people 's pets cloning one day	'clone pets for people
Which of the following statements about modern biographers is true ? Their writing style aroused criticism .	'They show no respect to facts .
. Which kind of dream is seen as more meaningful than the rest ? An unpleasant dream person dreamer dislikes .	'A pleasant dream about a person the dreamer likes .
What is the passage 's subject ? Different types blogs bloggers .	'How many people in China blog .
Why does the military want to take advantage of squirrels'trick ? It lead enemy wrong direction avoid losing resources .	'It can reduce the use of firepower to confront the enemy .
Uncle Li and Uncle Wang were unhappy because sustained losses business	'they had lost some money in the city
She slowly unfastened the door because wanted peed crack	'she was too frightened to open the door
What can we learn from the passage ? The International Polar Year started 2007 .	'Visitors to Antarctica are mainly scientists .
Many Americans were denied the right to vote simply because color skin different	'they were agitators and un - American
What will happen in the future ? Most jobs done computer .	'People will no longer use computers .
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To summarize tips parents share children .	'To give some rules for the college students .
"According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true ? "" The Voice "" become biggest    world entertainment 2012 ."	"'"" The Voice "" has earned the    recognition of critics and Emmy voters ."
The study suggests that bad martial quality affects heart health greatly	'elderly couples are less likely to be affected by marital quality
Which of the following is the first step when burying a dead body ? A bonfire lit first .	'Hot coals have to be pushed to the side .
How can you give tips in America ? You leave table leave .	'They are usually added to the check .
What does the writer want to tell us in the passage ? We aware safety anytime anywhere .	"""We should n't drive cars to the airport ."
The new bus service will run connection existing service	'on morning journeys to school only
It 's wrongly believed that ill health directly results unhappiness stress	'unhappiness itself is not associated with increased mortality
What is the main idea of this passage ? Mother 's love plays important role teenagers ' life .	"""School education does n't work without full support from parents ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Different music cause different emotions us .	"'Music may cheer you up ', "" but it ca n't let you down ."
The girl gave the money to Cathy because afraid	'Cathy asked her nicely
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? World 's Oldest Dad Fathers Another Child .	"""World 's Average Life Expectancy ."
Jan Fields gave up her first two jobs mainly because job n't seem challenging creative	'she was not good at writing at college
62 . We learn from the text that Maybe price low aged citizens special seasonal midweek .	'If you want to play golf 
Which of the following is Not mentioned as an effect of the dowry system ? The husband given control wife 's property .	'The husband had to share the power of decision in marriage .
What is the passage mainly about ? What people UK free time .	'People in the UK like making friends .
According to the passage , which of the following is Not true ? Liang Bo college teacher .	'Liang Bo fell in love with music .
According to the text which of the following is TRUE ? Culture effect exciting persons '	'USA has got the high quality current
Liverpool city council want to clear the city of fat pigeons because pigeons make city center crowded	'the pigeons are eating junk food
Which of the following is not true ? Doctor Van stronger man .	'The man lost his son .
Which might be the best title for the passage ? Chinese scientists discover treatment child obesity .	'The reasons for genetic obesity in children has been found .
The large number of small islands along the coast of Maine is the result of glacier 's forcing mountains sea	'the drowning of the Maine coastline
Which of following is NOT true ? The students take bags potatoes two weeks .	'Carrying a bag of potatoes made the students embarrassed .
It can be inferred from the passage that poor may also benefit Humberg 's work	'Canada geese can fly as high as planes
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Agnes loved David dearly , David sure first .	'Agnes cried because David asked her to marry someone else .
Some people in the Australian outback ca n't get to a doctor quickly . Because    nearest doctor sometimes far away	'there are few doctors there
What can prove Pimsleur courses to be successful ? 25 million people graduated success .	'Eight fluency - focused lessons on four audio CDs .
Which is the best title of this passage ? Some Tips How Talk Parents	'Parents Are Very Important
Which one is RIGHT ? Wang Bing happy .	'Wang Bing wants the fly to go away .
Why do people kill animals ? They kill animals something need .	'Animals cause many serious problems .
What club is Barry in ? The school basketball club .	'The school soccer club .
The new approach toward parenting mentioned in the passage most likely refers to resisting superficial values pop culture	"""reducing children 's hard work and unnecessary activities"
Which of the following is true about Make - A - Wish volunteers ? They important making wishes come true .	'They try to help children get over their illnesses .
Why was Scrooge happy in the end ? He helped others others loved .	'He had more money than before
How did the Nelsons come up with the idea of'a cupulke ATM ? Candace hoped eat fleshly baked cupcake time .	'Their first child wagted to eat fresh cupcakes .
How did the author get addicted to drugs ? He persuaded take drugs .	'He wanted to take drugs .
Alfred said he was younger than Anthony because new heart younger Anthony 's	'he had a more successful heart transplant
Bob answers his mother with a smile because thinks give good answer	'Bob is a little boy
Miss Morstan came to see Holmes mainly because received strange letter	'her father has just disappeared
How do girls express themselves on campus ? They different decorations hair .	'They wear different spots shoes .
"From the article , we can infer that "" Dead feet "" means "" tired """	'generally people pulling back - to - back shifts in the ICU tell you they are busy
The author writes the passage in order to introduce dual - language programs New York schools	'encourage us to learn more languages
""" Madame Butterfly "" is Western opera"	'a Chinese opera
From the passage we can learn that rules acceptable students teachers , classroom mess	"""rules can not be changed once they 're formed"
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? Li Na donated 500,000 yuan local nursing home hometown .	'Yao Ming donated 2 million yuan after the earthquake of Wenchuan .
What 's the main idea of the text ? The reason I teach .	"""A student 's silly question ."
"It can be inferred from the underline words "" delightfully shocked "" that      . children deserve chance independent"	'father is more important than mother in a family
Which of the following is right ? Mr Smith likes music .	'Mr Smith lives in town .
According to the passages , which camp offers hunting skills ? Indianhead Ranch .	'Vermont Adventure Camps .
It can be inferred from the passage that     . aircraft make great difference cranes	"""the aircraft do n't have an effect on the cranes"
According to the passage , we know that China old people world 15 years	"'China started one - child policy in the 1980s', ""two - child policy is n't suitable any more now"
From the passage , parents should learn that it 's better make child work lessons	'to coax the child to do his homework
It can be concluded from the passage that today young Americans reduce material comforts interests          children 's future	"""in the author 's eyes "
The family 's story is a good example to prove that . Every man architect fortune	'A good fame is better than a good face
The boy paid three pounds . He could have whole fish one pound back	'a whole fish and a fish head
What 's the main purpose of this passage ? To inform us phone apps help stop counterfeiters ' trade .	'To tell us that Information Technology is developing fast .
"We can conclude the passage with a saying ""   No pains , gains"	'Study comes first
It can be inferred from the text that author 's family financial difficulty	'houses were difficult to find in the hurricane stricken area
According to Paragraph One , which of the following is TRUE ? In Olympics history , Liu Xiang fastest event .	"'Liu Xiang is the fastest of the mentioned athletes .', ""Liu Xiang has set a new world record in the event of the men 's 110 m hurdles ."
The best title   for the passage is My favourite sport	'Basketball player
Which statement is Right according to the passage ? The government set Mandela free 1990 .	'Mandela became the black president in 1993 .
"The point of the joke taken to explain "" sick humour "" is that sooner hospital go back ."	'the man should not have said how much he hated hospitals
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? In cases , Abstract Art filled color1s sorts meant turn heads .	'The beauty of non - representational art is that we can tell the history of the painting .
From the passage we know Ben wife seldom   went Dorling	'Ben and his wife often went out for dinners
The author sets China and India as examples to show that group buying international trend	'China and India are in difficult economic conditions
When you visit New York , you should climb Statue Liberty	'eat at McDonalds every day
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? How much Johnny pay people back .	"'How did the parents feel when Johnny invited them to the theatre and dinner .', ""What 's Johnny 's secret ."
The author wrote this article in order to make us face problem deal feelings	"""tell us that it is n't good to keep feelings inside"
What did the two boys do in order to play a trick on Darwin ? They made strange bug putting together different parts different insects took Darwin .	'They caught a strange creature and took it to Darwin .
In the first wave of computing possible people experience computing home	"""companies ' operations were reliable on computer systems"
In England , the birthday present is opened immediately child wakes	'before the child wakes up
According to the passage , we can infer that Jean 's dream always deep heart	'Jean owed her success to all her teachers
A teacher can help an unpopular child by offering child chances show good qualities	"""seeing the child as the teacher 's favourite"
What does the author advise people to do ? Follow natural sleep rhythm .	"'Sleep in the way animals do .', ""Consult a doctor if they ca n't sleep ."
Monsters Inc. is better for little children	'those who prefer horror films .
The passage is mainly about world 's oldest person , Ms. Baines	'why Ms. Baines voted for Mr. Obama
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Much remains done settle left - behind kids issue .	"""Li Ling has n't seen her parents for about 10 years ."
Which of the following did the writer do without instructions ? Placed dough hot oven .	'Placed dough on floured surface .
What will be mentioned in the following passage ? The result intelligence motor skill tests .	'The cause of low birth weight babies .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Ways get kids understand meaning team .	'How to share common interests with others .
Which of the following can be completed the earliest ? Crossrail , London .	'Grand Stade FFR 
Why did countries all over the world unite to form the World Heritage Organization ? All .	'It would be able to keep our history .
In America , the driver 's course mentioned above given student wanting get driver 's license	'is carried on at the same time as other courses
What is the best title for the passage ? Can mother daughter 's best friend ?	"'How to be a good mother and daughter', ""Who is a mother 's best friend ?"
Which of the following statements is NOT right ? The U. S. - led NATO would like compensate loss caused bombing Chinese Embassy .	'The U. S - led NATO bombing of the Chinese Embassy in Yugoslavia made us very angry
"The best title for the passage could be ""   China Reform NCEE"	'Extra points to be Cancelled
In the end , Adam understood that people much even skin color different	'people are different if their skin color is different
From the passage , we can know one lifeguard drowning , five persons without lifeguard would	'one in five persons swimming in the sea is drowned
In the writer 's view , consequence would severe Simpson n't obey wife	'wives never gave their husbands money to post a letter
According to the passage , which of the following is not true ? The energy tides produce electricity .	'The temperature difference of seawater can produce electricity .
Why would the Earth become even hotter if the sea ice melted ? Because heat would taken earth	'more water will cover the earth
What David Inouye says suggests that study carried students convincing	'the students still need special training to study climate change
Which of the following is right ? It hard get end journey .	'The journey lasted 100 days .
Ten of the students come school late	'come to school by bike
Why is Bangkok 's medical tourism ahead of Singapore 's ? Bangkok provides excellent service lower prices .	'Medical tourists in Bangkok get high health insurance .
Why is the taxi - driver very pleased with the tourist ? None tourist agrees price given without arguing	'His sister knows the tourist .
"The best title for this passage is ""   Wang Chuanfu 's road struggle"	"'The success of BYD Co. ', ' Ltd.', ""Wang Chuanfu 's great dream ."
"What does the writer mean by saying "" All Christmas trees are perfect "" ? Once home , everything nice ."	'Nothing is as perfect as Christmas .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? The person normal flu comes contact bird flu easily get Bird flu .	'Bird flu is the most dangerous disease .
The passage is mainly about effect light sleep	'natural wake - up cycles
Rick 's customers like him because A C	'his cakes are big
From the passage , we learn that Shirley 's parents believed that good education important child 's future	'women played an important part in modern society
The writer 's grandmother will complain that children behave worse past	'children used to be mischievous
Both the man and the jeweller thought it difficult get matching pearl	'possible to find an exact one like that pearl
We can infer from the passage that It cautious children 's taking cold medicine	'the United States Food and Drug Administration had told parents not to give them to      children under age two
"Wang Zeyu wanted to make a "" lucky star "" for his teacher because wanted head teacher smile"	"""his head teacher was n't serious enough"
"When does the holiday season usually begin in the US ? On "" Black Friday "" ."	'On a Friday before Christmas Day .
The writer 's father loved pennies with wheat because saw wheat , thought time Depression	'when he was young 
What did Colter and Colin want to test ? Texting affects students ' performance test .	'Cell phone use and texting are more common .
We can infer from the passage that money must suited carry	"""paper money is n't difficult to make"
The guerrilla gardeners often return to their night working places with the purpose of looking plants	'helping plants live through winter months
Which of the following is TRUE about Westlake College ? It old college America .	'1
Which of the following is TRUE ? The old man could n't see funny Minnie looked .	"""Minnie was n't the type of dog the old man loved ."
Which of the following is right ? The Wilsons rich bought things cheaper supermarket .	'The Wilsons were rich and they bought a lot of things in the supermarket .
What had happened to his house before he moved into the cave ? His house destroyed fire .	'His house was blown away by wind .
Which of the following statements might Professor Tim Benton agree with ? There still much improve British people 's awareness food sustainability .	'The number of people living in poverty is growing too fast in Britain .
We can infer everything from the passage EXCEPT that newspapers become less popular development TV	'few newspapers have no advertising
Which of the following if Not TRUE ? If enough blood , 'll wise .	"""Exercise does good to a person 's head"
"The "" Vivo Miles "" scheme is aimed at encouraging students perform well school"	'increasing the income of the school
The main idea of the passage is men love beauty gene	"'helping men find the best mate to produce children', ""testing men and women 's preference towards looks"
What would the girl probably get finally ? Both toy pram dolly	'Either a toy pram or a dolly
Why do people take up hot yoga ? It works muscles forces toxins .	'It makes people get used to high temperature .
According to Rose , growing up is different from growing older because growing means one chances time choose one likes	"""growing up does n't need as much effort or talent as growing older"
What may be the title of the novel ? Before law	'Above the law
. What can we know about Roma Street Parkland ? We need buy tickets visit .	'Only younger kids can visit it .
Why did the match draw so much attention in the world ? Because seen representative match humans AI .	'Because the match was the first one between humans and AlphaGo .
We now know that penguins seen by the sailors hundreds of years ago were birds learned swim	'fish with the ability to fly
Which of the following has the longest history ? Parliament Street .	'Lombard Street .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Romero - youngest person climb highest mountains seven continents	"'Romero - the youngest person and his wonderful team', ""Romero beat Britain 's George Atkinson who held the record previously"
What can we infer from the passage ? Body language express meanings words communication .	"""It 's not polite to use body language in formal communication ."
Which of the following statement about flattery is TRUE according to the author ? Flattery one ways apple - polish people .	'Too much flattery can carry us away
Which of the statements is TRUE according to the passage ? China ranks high among countries 29 sites listed list .	"""The world heritage education programme was jointly launched by the United States and China 's Ministry of Education ."
From the text we can learn that one respect others matter	'CEOs often show their power before others
From the passage , we can know bear n't hurt short man	"""the bear did n't eat people"
Why did the coach ask Tom to ask for more gifts ? The coach wanted teach boy lesson .	'Tom wanted to get more biscuits .
Nurses work in shifts because nursing services must provided continuously .	'they work at night from time to time .
What can we learn about John Steinbeck ? He born America .	'He received the Nobel Prize after Morrison
What is the main idea of this passage ? Cell phones get life work mixed .	"'Cell phones offer 24 - hour availability .', ""Women do n't use cell phones in an effective way ."
"When you make small talk , you should NOT ""   try make others agree opinion"	'keep to the subject that interests both of you
What is the best title of the passage ? How Password Changed My Life	'Learn the Best Way to Deal with Depression
The writer compares turtles to climbers give picture hard work	'because they lay their eggs in mountain areas
The writer wants to tell us face challenges life	'to fly like an eagle
On the bus , Jack returned the old woman umbrella	'one of his old umbrellas
Alex ' s Lemonade Stand began    Alex four years old	'when Mario was eight years old
Which of the following statements is WRONG ? Oprah 's success screen .	'Oprah Winfrey was the first of the 100 celebrities according to Forbes magazine .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Children adults work together use system .	'Parents are taking less care of their children .
Tony Hawk , Sally Ayote , and Caroline Baron are good examples that show us become happy worker	'how to help people in difficulties
The author and his wife moved to Defiance because wife found job	'they thought moving often brought out the best
The farmer told his sons about the pot of gold because life would come end	'his sons were very hardworking
.What 's the author 's purpose of writing the text ? To give us brief introduction Cuban iguana .	"'To show he is concerned about the Cuban iguana .', ""To explain reasons for the Cuban iguana 's decline ."
Which of the following possible explanations for older student 's better achievement is not mentioned in the above passage ? Adults read better .	'Adults know more about the world .
According to the author , a wise established manufacturer should cooperate Asian partners short time	'try to benefit from both financial and technical resources
Which statement is NOT true according to the passage ? The developing countries develop faster developed countries .	'Cities contribute more to the GDP than the villagers .
It can be learned from the passage that costs nearly $ 80 rent one bikes day	'the bikes are designed for long journeys in London
What 's special about dime stores ? They sell lots goods small profit .	'They make big profits by selling some goods .
What 's the text mainly about ? The influence relationships people 's health .	'The benefits people can get from having many friends .
The author 's views and ideas about life were exactly proved by ideas views book Emotional Intelligence	'own observations and doubts about life and emotions
"Why does Harrington think the "" social bond "" theory may be wrong ? Wolves sometimes quarrels howling together ."	'Wolves separate from each other after howling .
In order to protect the Bada Nadi River , the author suggests banning dumping dangerous chemicals river	'anti - pollution devices should be used on vehicles
The Smurfs movie is mainly about Smurfs ' adventures New York City	"""the Smurfs ' happy life in their village"
What is the best title of this passage ? The Importance Chinese Food	'Eating Food in China
The passage includes the following except playing table tennis helps us achieve whatever want	"'the earlier we meet friends ', ' the easier it is to rebuild a friendship', 'if we give in to unclear feelings of sadness ', "" we 'll be caught in the SAD"
What does the passage want to tell us ? Teaching meet students ' needs .	'Foreign students have more problems .
What can we know about the author 's past life ? He refused make friends strangers .	'He hated to live in a little town .
Which of the following can be the best title of this passage ? Yes No Using Cell phones School	'Temptation from Mobile Phones
John moved into a new house with two dogs	'a cat
How did Mark feel about the old man at last ? He felt old man kind warm .	'He felt pity for the old man .
The writer implies that parents ' busy lifestyle likely create troubled generation	'makes their children become independent
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? In order help sailor water , fishermen made fire .	"""The sailors did n't trust the captain ."
What can be the best title of the passage ? More Concerned , More Successful	'How to Buy Watermelons
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Liu Qian became successful mainly hard - working .	'Liu Qian is a born magician
The best title for this story is A Foreigner Beijing	'A Bar in Tibet
If you want to find out the more information of films you should read Weekend section	'go over the House and Home section
""" Dads Make a Difference "" can help teens develop life skills"	'provide teens a chance to be a teacher in Junior High
Why was it necessary for plants to grow before animals ? Plants provided oxygen animals breathe .	'Animals needed plants to protect them from the sun .
We can infer from the passage that US open different views	'God has ordered a man should marry a woman .
What would be the best tide for the text ? The Theory Division Labor Its Significance	'The Causes of Industrial Revolution
What is the best title for the text ? Placebo : Work Your Mind	'Placebo : The Most Powerful Medicin
Which can be the best title of this passage ? A Teenage CEO His Business	'Daymond John and Moziah Bridges
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To tell us something American waiters ' salary system .	'To complain about the difficult life of American waiters .
There are three different jars of low fat milk , and amount fat	'one has more fat than the other two
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? He wanted successful golfer .	'He wanted to run a golf course near his house .
The research led by Sanbonmatsu indicates that people who multitask poorest results various things time	'prefer handling different things when getting bored
According to the passage , it is clear that Diana writer good friends	"""Diana did n't like sandwiches"
What can we learn from the text ? Stricter regulations pollutants made .	'Eating fatty food has immediate effects on your heart .
According to the passage , feelings of nostalgia cause think past full hopes dreams	'can make you succeed in life
According to Paragraph 3 , plastic bag producers succeeded popularizing use plastic bags	"'are now worried that the earth will become a victim of plastic bags', ""do n't think they have done enough to popularize plastic bags"
Which of the following things did NOT Environment California do ? Protect people city .	'Do good things for our environment .
We can learn from the passage that Ms Muller 's special language experience made get Nobel Prize	"""most of Ms Muller 's novels are unsuccessful works"
What is the best title of the passage ? Chickens : Better Choice Living Drug Factories .	'Animals and Protein Drugs .
Anne Harper thought that women really liberated	'women should live a better life than men
How 's the weather today ? It 's sunny warm .	"""It 's snowy ."
The passage is mainly about---- . declining number salmon could bring fishing ban	'the agricultural pollution soils the coast     
Why did the author cry on the last day of camp ? He loved day camp .	'He did not enjoy the day camp .
What did Armstrong find very strange on the moon ? The surface moon	'The gravity on the moon .
What can we learn from the passage about body density ? Higher body density reduces swimming ability .	"""A person 's body density decides one 's swimming ability ."
How many pieces of meat were kept in the fridge ? Only one piece meat .	'Two pieces of meat .
One of the popular features of WhatsApp is that users n't need worry unwanted ads	'can send and receive messages for free
According to the passage we can see SUV is name expensive car	'the name of a car - rental company
What can we infer from the passage ? Some people never know something left inside body .	"""Surgical teams are n't to blame for the mistakes ."
"The "" angry holiday - maker "" actually tell caused fire"	'lived in the room which had caught fire
The best title for this article can be Be More Modest We Will Love You More	'Proud Entrepreneurs
Which statement is TRUE according to the story ? From father 's example , daughter learned show love .	'The daughter left her home because she had a fight with her father 
What is true according to Claire Bayliss ? They committed delivering products high quality .	'Before you apply 
The GreenPlug on store shelves are due mostly to increased concern environment	'the high cost of electrical power
The passage is about mystery snowman	'some mountain climbers
What can be learned about the horses in the Melbourne Cup ? They raised trained joint effort .	'They are all winners of a certain race .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Over 7.5 million people die cancer every year .	'The number of cancer cases is decreasing .
The Duke and Duchess were extremely nervous because they got involved traffic accident	'knew the detective would harm them
The best title for this passage would probably be Alaska , 49th state U.S.	'Alaska 
Why was n't the dress shop successful ? Customers n't accept taste fashion .	"""The dresses he bought were n't of high quality ."
What is Chinglish according to the passage ? The English words Chinese grammar .	'The English words easy to pronounce .
The writer thinks that people think carefully chasing dreams abroad	'overseas Chinese are good at communication in Canada
The uncapped medical bottle was not put back into the cupboard because wife ignored matter	'the husband was careless
The writer writes the article to tell us read book	'tell us how popular the book is today
Which of the following is TRUE ? The robot teacher one meter high white , egg - shaped .	'The robot teacher is about one meter wide and is white 
What can we learn from the free lizard ? It teaches us never abandon loved ones .	'It teaches us to give more help to our loved ones .
What does the author decide to do after the funeral ? Have talk parents death .	"'Express her love for her parents bravely .', ""Value her parents ' wishes ."
What do the findings indicate ? Normal blood pressure n't mean healthy body .	'The existing blood pressure treatment is useless .
What is the best title for the passage ? My Special Year	'A Sweet Home
According to the passage , the author holds the opinion that industrial manufacturing may cause damage environment	'economic growth should be calculated in terms of GDP
When visiting the Los Angeles Zoo , people can picnic Zoo grounds	'ride a bike through the Zoo
What are people advised to do in order to stick to their opinions in socializing ? Start taking others ' judgment less seriously .	"""Care about no one 's opinion ."
What can we know about Arunabh from the text ? He country 's national debating team .	'He started debating at the age of ten .
The passage is mainly about moon 's effect sleeping possible reasons	"""the sleeping problems caused by the moon 's cycles"
What is the passage mainly about ? People always negative feelings may higher risk getting dementia .	'It is impossible for people to avoid dementia .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? People usually choose corner seats first library personal space .	"'The space around the body is more needed than that around all the senses .', 'If you hold newspapers on the bus ', "" your personal space wo n't be violated ."
In the letter , Jimmy Wales , the founder of Wikimedia Foundation tries to appeal Wikipedia users make donations	'explain how Wikipedia works
The writer 's main purpose in writing the passage is    remind us care problems computers bring .	'to encourage us to use computers in our society
What will the author most probably talk about next ? The possible places new couple spend honeymoon .	'The food served in the wedding party .
One of the reasons why people are unwilling to share experiences is that people sometimes courage share stories	'story - sharing highlights the importance of hard work
What 's the purpose of the passage ? Encourage kids explore world online .	'Encourage the kids to spend more time online .
Why does the bird come down ? Because food hand .	'Because the bird eats some food .
What do we learn from the text ? What teens really care recognized parents .	"""Parents hate talking to their children because they ca n't understand them ."
It can be inferred that when the writer 's small business became successful , something went wrong marriage	'he feared to grow bigger
"The possible title for the passage might be Great Inventions Influence Our Way Living 
 ."	'Great Inventions of the 20th Century
According to the passage , Karen Turner may agree that teens easily attached friends	'parents should communicate with the school teachers
What is the main idea of this passage ? Everyone exercise .	'Exercise equipment is expensive .
What is the author 's attitude towards practicing yoga ? One enjoy physical mental benefit yoga brings .	"""It 's a shame not to practice yoga ."
The author wrote this passage mainly to introduce laser technique identifying stone 's origin	'tell us how to identify the origin of diamonds .
The passage suggests that loudspeakers important sound - proofing materials	'anechoic rooms will be included in all new buildings
"According to the author , saying "" I 'm sorry you 're upset "" most probably means ""   I 'm aware 're upset , I 'm blame"	'I apologize for hurting your feelings
Students can enjoy beautiful flowers at Villandry castle	'Chambord castle
"This passage tells us mainly about importance "" guessing "" learning foreign language ."	'how to guess what one is going to talk about .
Which of the following statements is TRUE about Mr. Negroponte 's cheap computers ? His computers help children developing countries better education .	"""His computers do n't need any power to function well ."
Which of the following was a clear signal of alarm ? A spotted deer called .	'The elephant stopped .
Which of the following might be the best title for the passage ? Writing Contributes Losing Weight	'Writing Benefits Women a Lot
What can we learn from the passage ? Hebrew probably kind language .	'People believe scientists because they are persuasive .
How did the author 's father help the paralyzed little girl ? He showed could still things .	'He painted special pictures for her .
Which of the following is NOT true ? There big river running town sea .	'The sea water is taken into the ponds at night every day .
What conclusion can we draw from the text ? Language closely related history culture .	'French and English words have nothing in common .
The purpose of the passage is introduce new kind computer	'to explain the function of computers
"Which of the following is probably an example of Japanese directions ? "" Turn right hospital go past school . """	"'"" The post office is about five minutes from here . """
Which of the following is right according to the passage ? The writer would go back visit old lady .	"'The lady came out to see me .', ""the lady 's daughter always visited her ."
In the United States , taxes are collected to provide revenues for     . three levels government	'the federal government
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? All stories presented mail .	'Late stories can be faxed if necessary .
""" We live in a right - handed world . "" means Most people use right hands better ."	'Few people use their right hands better .
The team from CIT won the prize because their design produce power solar energy	'can change human waste into electricity
Many business leaders are against the Australian program because n't want pay extra money carbon emissions	'they believe the program will only benefit the big companies
What examples does the writer give of unhealthy weight - loss methods in the East and West ? Gym - going , strange dieting methods , eating disorders taking pills .	'Strange dieting methods 
Mr. King goes home to    put good clothes	'take off his good clothes
What can we infer   from the passage ? The writer became volunteer entered university .	'The writer thinks there is no happiness in making his dream come true .
What would happen when one computer in the network broke down after the new network system was set up ? The computers would n't work .	'The other computers would wait .
What is the general idea of the passage ? The personal computer replaced dog man 's best friends .	"""The computer and the dog as man 's best friends ."
"How do you understand a "" win - win "" solution ? It way makes people pleased ."	'It is a way that helps make new friends .
What can we infer from TSA 's statement ? The X - ray scanners safe effective .	"'The TSA will stop using the X - ray scanners .', ""The TSA wo n't use EU 's alternative scanners ."
Before George Eastman brought photography to people , photos expensive mostly taken indoors	'no photos has ever been taken of people or events
Which of the following symbolizes Paris most ? The Eiffel Tower .	'The Notre Dame .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? There may many kinds self - cleaning fabric future .	'We can already buy self - cleaning clothes on the market .
it can be concluded from the passage that take proper attitude towards disabled	'physical and metal barriers are equally hard to break down
The traveler visited the first dyer in order to see dyer could dye different color1s	'have his handkerchief dyed yellow
What would be the best title for the text ? Each Day Gift	'Living in a nursing room
Greger Larson got a very deep impression of his study because he found study based many different dogs sample dogs ' remote locations	'saw the number of street dogs from fossilized bones
Why did the writer use to have dreams about aliens ? He often something aliens going bed .	'He had some kind of relationship with aliens .
If a reader is interested in women 's education , whose works can be the best choice ? Mary Astell 's .	"""Mary Wortley Montagu 's ."
The attitude of the author is that objectively describes new uneasy coeducation	'she calls on women in support of the protest
The reasons why family mealtime is out of fashion are the following EXCEPT children fond family meal	'the parents are busy with work
From the passage we can learn that a large sum of money of the local government in Xi'an is being ploughed into    tourism industry	'restoring the monuments
It can be inferred from the passage that in the writer 's opinion , n't actually need many choices buying product	'we waste too much money on cameras
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? The umbrellas women made colorful ancient times .	'The ancient Greeks used the umbrella in their daily life .
Why was the woman thought to have broken a promise ? She told Harris mother 's illness .	'She failed to take care of Flora .
What is the author 's main purpose of writing this passage ? To explain exactly causes people laugh .	"""To draw people 's attention to the research of humor ."
The big object moved away because unknown reason	'it was afraid of the plane
Money was not used until exchange one thing another became complicated	'nothing could be offered in exchange
As is shown in the passage sheep eat grass fields minds may active	'sheep are among the weak animals
What does this passage mainly talk about ? Scientists working hard research kinds energy .	'Advantage of the energy from nature .
What is the experts ' advice for average people on salt consumption ? They consume 1/2 1/3 teaspoons salt day .	'They should increase salt intake through sodium pills .
What did YangJiang do after Qian Zhongshu died ? She collected 70,000 letters drafts husband .	'She returned to China and went into academia .
Which is NOT true ? The Mineral City Hotel beautiful new building .	'The Mineral City Hotel is on the corner of Main Street and Glenn Avenue .
What is the text mainly about ? How deal reverse culture shock .	'What is reverse culture shock ?
If you need a special diet , you should tell bus company booking	'tell the hotel when you arrive
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? The car left trapped .	'Mr. Tomonari got very frustrated after the journey .
Judging by what the boy said we can see that boys hated Hitler much	"""the boy 's parents had died"
The passage is intended to tell us flu .	'the causes of flu .
The purpose of the text is to get more people to join club order books	'collect books for the club
Why did the goldfish die ? Because ate much .	"""Because Simon did n't like them ."
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Skin aging related environment lifestyle genetic factors .	'Jeanne and Susan share all the habits including smoking .
According to the passage , children 's fear and dislike of books may result from made read aloud others	'reading little and thinking little
What 's the best title for the passage ? How write English letters	'How to write Chinese letters
The finding of the study is that speaking two languages may delay kinds dementias	'learning more than one language can cure dementias
What has made Michael famous online recently ? A letter kids ' school headmaster .	'A three - day -trip to Boston with his kids .
What do we know about Sleep Phones ? There two versions .	"""They 're comfortable but unhealthy ."
We know from the passage that Mrs. Blair worked even husband Prime Minister	'The number of working mothers has dropped since 1996 .
The author mainly wants to tell us San Francisco good place learn language	'about English schools in the US
In the passage , we are told that author kind - hearted .	"'the author liked going down streets on rainy days .', ""the author liked walking in her father 's shoes ."
What is the main purpose of this passage ? To promote SaneBox .	'To explain how to use SaneBox .
What is considered as a great danger in the text ? The technology developed Natalie 's father .	"'An explosion set off by some bad people .', ""The CIA 's training of boys for its tasks ."
What surprised the author when the driving lessons went on ? Her Dad chatty person .	'Her Dad liked modern music .
It can be inferred from the text that the students in poorer areas found program useful future	'could often take part in the program
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? We take pleasure sports .	'Sports bring us great fun only if we have the talent .
What 's Google 's purpose to change its privacy policy according to Marc Rotenberg ? To build unified profile users	'To serve its users better .
Why does the writer 's grandmother think the person next to her is a girl ? Because long hair .	'Because he walks like a girl .
Mr. Snow asks the Browns some questions because wants sure Browns friendly pets	"'the Browns want to get a small dog', ""the Browns do n't have money to get a pet"
What does the writer say about talented performers today ? They give songs meaning sing .	'They look at poetry to find ideas for their songs .
We can know from the passage that Zhao 's parents thought little micro - blog	'Zhao tries to forward as many ads as possible in his blog
The wallet was important to Fulton because called memories past	'he could get his bicycle ID back
According to the passage , listening to English songs can help you     learn new words	'improve your English grammar
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? The perfection created film makes viewers think committing suicide .	"""The audience think the theme of the film is showing respect to others ' differences ."
What 's the best title for this passage ? Every Day Is Gift	'What Is the Meaningful Life Like
The purpose of this passage is to tell us the'80s characteristics n't lose confidence	"""people 's different opinions towards the ' 80s generation ."
What should be included in your advertisement ? experience required , payment contact details	'job title 
Carrying a mini backpack can help you because convenient carry monitor .	'it is easier to carry your baby .
The family believes that important recognize strengths child	'English and mathematics are easier to learn than other subjects
Which can be the best title for this text ? Mother love important children	'Children need love
The information is collected by the Pew team so as to assist port officials deciding whether ban ship fishing	'help fishermen to catch more fish on the Seas
What is the main aim of the school library services ? To help users get knowledge skills .	'To help teachers work with the library workers .
If a driver drinks a glass of beer before driving in China ,    wo n't allowed drive three months .	"""it wo n't affect his driving ."
What does this passage mainly talk about ? The history Race Point Light .	'The building process of Race Point Light .
The National Salt Reduction Initiative aims to put pressure food companies restaurants	'advise Americans to eat less salt
"According to the passage , other companies do n't "" copy being Apple "" because Apple takes time efforts"	'Apple is not a successful company
If you have to go to work in the afternoon , you can only take part in The Days ' 47 KSL 5 Parade	'Summerfest Arts Faire 2010
Why are bikes very popular in Ghana ? Because bike cheaper people like use bikes carry things .	"""Because Ghanaian people do n't like cars ."
Miss Baldwin found the world totally changed because cut rest world many years	'she had worked for a religious community for a long time
The example of Finland is used to illustrate effectiveness campaign	'the cause of heart disease
Why do we know about Howie Choset , according to the passage ? He also made snake robots search , rescue exploration .	'He thought snake robots of different sizes can be used for different types of surgery .
Which of the followings is true ? English people often talk weather	'English people like traveling by bus
What most likely happens to young wolves after the age of four ? They leave pack form packs .	'They leave the pack and live alone .
Katie gave the bag to the wrong woman for the reason that bags looked	'the first lady asked her for the second bag .
July 20th , 1969 was an important day because first time human beings land moon .	'man could not get to the moon by spaceship
How much pay raise did the author finally get as a result of refusing the new job offer ? 15 %	'5 %
The ozone layer exists to protect earth dangerous sun rays	'warm the earth to a proper level for life
"Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? She said "" thank "" mother dozens times ."	"""The writer 's mother is still alive ."
We can learn from the passage that staying RV costs less staying hotel room .	'the Indian Oven must be a well - known restaurant in India .
The author 's main purpose of writing the passage is talk changes attitude queuing Britain	'to tell us the influence of the Internet on the British ways of life
If you need a fire on the Appalachian Trail , you should keep small put water leaving	'burn or bury your trash before you leave
What would be the best title for this passage ? Is Graffiti Art ?	'How to Be a Good Graffiti Artist .
From the passage we know that two thousand species probably die century .	"'Kraemer and his team have succeeded in cloning a dog .', ""scientists try to implant a panda 's egg into a rabbit ."
Why do we need to add a leap second ? To keep atomic clocks time slowing Earth ' rotation .	"""To change the world ' s atomic clocks ."
Why was Mrs Brown 's husband very happy when he saw the half of the cake on the table ? Because thought Mrs Brown n't ate cakes .	'Because Mrs Brown made it for him .
What can you infer from the article about Pittsburgh ? Many young college students new hope district .	'It is a major city in the U.S.A with a population slightly smaller than 100
What does President Obama advise all Americans to do after high school ? To receive higher education job training .	'To invest in higher education .
The blues songs used to tell about     . hard life black people	'the funny life of singers
It can be inferred from the text that victims gradually returning normal life	'so far only 1500 people have moved into the makeshift houses
What did the police do after the accident ? They helped drivers go journey .	'They helped the driver clean up the road .
What animals can you see in these four places ? Kangaroos , kola bears , rainforest birds , East Asian monkeys sea - life .	'Kangaroos 
Which of the following can be the best title for Part I ? Top English , smart choice !	'If you want to learn English 
What is the main topic of the passage ? Whether secretaries good future nowadays .	'How secretaries have failed to benefit from technology advances .
Why did Mr. Everett give his students such assignments ? To prevent getting troubles early age .	'To encourage them to enjoy a meaningful life .
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To introduce pleasure study words word roots .	"'To present the history of English words .', ""To explain the procedure of an etymologist 's job ."
What is NOT the reason for so many young people go to plastic surgery ? stay young forever .	'to improve their appearance and find better job opportunities
What can be inferred from the passage ? The woman take killing seriously .	'The woman`s two children were autistic .
From the story , we know that the daughter thought father told truth	"'knew the thermos would fall and stepped out', ""thought her father should n't have told the truth"
What is the passage mainly about ? A farewell retirement letter .	'The attraction of tennis sport .
The main purpose of this passage is introduce tours explore history India	'to report some important events in the history of India
"When I am a boss , I will no longer have to search for this thing . This sentence means ""   When I power , I happiness"	'When I become a boss 
"Which of the following statements may be supported by the "" nature "" school ? Only extreme behaviors determined instincts ."	'We are born with certain personalities and behaviors .
Which of the following is true of amusics ? Listening music far enjoyable .	'They love places where they are likely to hear music .
According to the article , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Kimchi cultural treasure Koreans .	'Kimchi contains something that can kill the H5N1 virus .
We can tell from the story that Joyce is Amy 's mother	"""Amy 's daughter"
According to the passage , computer viruses seem to difficult get rid present	'exist   in any computers
What would be the best title of the article ? Zoos Disobey National Ban	'Profit - making Zoos
Why did the king ask the beggar for something according to the text ? Because wanted give something beggar return .	'Because he was poor than the beggar .
From the passage , we can infer   that Plastic bags bad environment .	'Plastic bags will not come into our life any more .
Which may be a proper work for the TFK Poetry Contest ? A love poem kept secret others .	'A war poem published in a book .
According to Samuel Mehr , music taught cultural reasons	"'many studies show that music training can improve IQ', ""IQ is a good measure of a child 's intelligence"
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? A dedicated lover shopping .	'Never to shop in department stores .
Which of the following would be the best title of the passage ? Working Christmas Day	'Christmas Day is Coming
What 's the best title for the passage ? A look microfilms	'The challenge of big films
What is the advantage of the Internet language learning ? Leamers practice languages real people .	'People can learn more than 38 languages in all .
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? A huge squid ate two children mother watching .	'Some people used to play boom box while spending their holidays at the beach .
Which of the following is not true ? In France , someone birthday , friends often ask dinner .	'Li Xiaomei gets some money on her birthday .
It is true that certain number people survive Ebola	"'human has found a special cure for Ebola', ""oxygen can save infected people 's lives"
The newly designed classrooms are different from the traditional ones EXCEPT that teachers n't necessarily instruct students	'the students can move and learn at the same time
What is the passage mainly about ? A study British people 's laziness .	"""A study of British people 's lifestyles ."
The writer is sure that in the distant future bricks mortar replaced building material .	'a new building material will have been invented .
Why do some people disagree with the Velib scheme ? It 's suitable long journey .	"""It 's hard to find a Velib station ."
Which concert will you attend if you want to hear an opera ? Soprano Te Kanawa Solo Concert	'Vitas 2008 Beijing Concert
Which of the following is TRUE on the milk ? There link .	'The more milk you drink 
The doctors came to visit Herpin , expecting find sleeplessness really true	"""to find out why some old people did n't need any sleep"
A successful teacher is someone who searches better new methods	'faces the most stress and difficult parents
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Different flowers different meanings	'Carnation is better than rose
What lesson does the author learn from the story ? Always care friends .	"""Do n't care about others ' opinions ."
The poor man moved out of the hotel because could n't get sleep	"""he did n't want to live in such a fine room"
Why did the writer go to the English class ? He wanted become good English .	'He liked English very much .
Which statement is true according to the text ? Some generations die way north Canada .	'Monarch butterflies spend winter in eastern Canada .
When the nurse talked to Mum she thought Mum was a cleaner	'nurse
The writer would probably hold the view that better think twice talking others	'negative words may encourage us to make more progress
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? New fashions clothing created commercial exploitation women .	"""The constant changes in women 's clothing reflect their strength of character ."
Which of the following can be inferred from the text ? The writer 's great - grandmother reunited son died .	"""The writer 's grandfather was afraid of a war when sending his daughter to America ."
We learn from the passage that Jessica got many people 's attention	"""Jessica did n't make a sound in the well"
Why did Rihanna move to America ? To try become famous singer .	'To form her first music group .
We can infer from the passage that Fleet Street experienced dramatic changes history	'Fleet Street is still the headquarters of the British press
What can we conclude from the passage ? Language learning improving needs time effort .	'The author disagrees with the speaker over the standard of English at Grade 9 level .
From the activity , parents knew poor different rich	'the poor wanted to be rich
Glass walls of skyscrapers are specially mentioned in order to describe wasteful skyscrapers could	'show how skyscrapers manage to lessen their pressure
Why did lots of students take term - jobs at university ? Their families poor could n't afford high expense .	'They wanted to improve themselves by taking part - time jobs 
We can infer from the passage that In many places shop owners n't mind selling alcohol underage customers	"""Restaurants in the US do n't sell alcohol to people under 21 for fear of a $ 700fine"
Chimpanzees and bananas are mentioned as examples to prove that DNA alone good enough make humans different	'animals have completely different DNA from that of plants
We can see colors of the sky because air scatters sunlight	'the sun rises and falls every day
What would be the best title for the passage ? Learn English , life sweeter .	"'Learning English has a powerful effect on your job .', 'If you speak English better ', "" you 'll find more jobs ."
According to the passage , Phone Soap deals bacteria radiation	'takes a whole night to kill bacteria
We can learn from the passage that truancy serious problem New Britain	"""Cooper 's plan has been passed in Connecticut"
Which of the following is a WRONG statement ? A new material applied buildings warn people collapse .	"""Thousands of people died from the collapse of buildings in the Sichuan earthquake because they had n't been warned ."
What is the main point of the article ? The importance deep reading .	'How to improve reading skills .
We can learn from the passage that children learn travel travel learn	'Keith Bellows objects to taking children to travel
"In the passage , the writer suggests    that the word "" cool "" may cool seems"	'can be used instead of many words
What is the main idea of this passage ? To talk polar bears suggest people protect animals .	'To show that the number of polar bears is getting smaller .
Why is n't it a plain sailing ? Dr Syed wrong blood group .	"'No one can treat his mother well .', ""They did n't have money to be in hospital ."
We can infer from the passage that way minimize impact moves childhood children	'we can move when children have made a lot of friends
The royal family does not top the list because royal family influence public much used .	'the royal family has a central role to play in developing pride
The scientists are changing the cockroaches into robots because want cockroaches things people ca n't future	'they want to control the movements of the cockroaches
What is this text mainly about ? The effect , ct increasing commercial use Internet .	'Conveniences brought to consumers through use of the Internet .
From the passage , we can learn that people visit many places interest New York foot	'New York is not a good place for shopping
What did the writer like to do when he was young ? To play jokes others .	'To fight with his friends .
What 's the best title of the article ? Teaching children stay green	'Children today are in poor condition
If Peter is interested in German history , he should visit Berlin Wall Memorial	'the Art Center Berlin Friedrichstrabe
If you are good at reading , reading homework easier	'you will spend a lot of time on your homework
According to the passage , Jeremy Paxman believes that English people talk weather uncertainty	'Bill Bryson has little knowledge of the weather
How did the writer know that the patient was Frank ? Frank greeted special way .	"'He was told that Frank was in the hospital .', ""He was invited to study Frank 's illness ."
What can we learn about the festival ? It history 27 years .	'Clowns wear blue noses .
According to the author , who of the following would be labeled as intolerant ? Someone ca n't put others ' tastes .	"""Someone who turns a deaf ear to others ' opinions ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? There fewer risks getting short - sighted people spend two three hours day playing outside .	'If people spend less time outdoors they will certainly become short - sighted .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Teenagers willing try give blogging .	"""A blogger 's information about himself can be seen by anyone on the Internet ."
The Big Bang theory mainly explains universe started	'what the universe is like
From Jing 's search , we can see different Michael R. Philip 's idea , trend suicides China declining	'China has been ranked among those with the highest suicide rates in the world
Which of the following is TRUE about cycling ? Cycling good way get know people .	'Businessmen used to prefer cycling to golf .
The passage is mainly about different ways others hear voice	'waves in the air
Which of the following is TRUE ?      Astronauts eat beef powder outer space .	'A model of the food printer was shown in New York last month .
In the past children could n't go big cities study	'the water was clear
According to Dr Cerf 's research , when a patient thinks about a famous film star , particular neuron become bright excitement	'various neurons will identify the star as famous
All the statements are true except 18 % working women took vacation away home last year .	'More than 50 % of women ages 18 to 64 have jobs .
Most of Shakespeare 's married life was spent cottage	'in an old hotel
What do we know about Discovery Space from the passage ? It open year round .	'One can find suitable discovery boxes easily .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Though planting mums close together make look beautiful , enough space left .	'Growing mums has a very long history and all the people in the world like making tea with mums .
What can be learned about American alligators ? They live long 70 80 years .	'They have a lifespan of over 150 years .
Why are patients with speech disorders able to think without having adequate control of language ? It still remains unsolved mystery .	'They use different concepts .
In order to attract more consumers , U.S. auto makers are developing products better quality	'modernizing product style
Which of the following is a situation in the third wave of computing ? Products services independent .	"""There 's no need to create a single product ."
Which of the following organizations helps students who do n't have enough services ? The Youth Art Connection .	'The Airport Art Program .
What we know about Davie is that Davie might like boxing young .	"'Davie was killed by Taliban fighters .', ""Davie 's interpreter survived the accident ."
Why did the city uncovered look almost the same as it had looked in 79 AD ? Because Ginseppe men dug slowly carefully .	'Because scientists successfully rebuilt the city with everyday objects .
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Future man look quite different us .	"""Man 's life will be different in the future ."
"You fail to see the letter "" L "" in the experiment because image falls blind spot"	'your eyes are poor
Which of the statements may Dr. Ramin Mojtabai agree ? People becoming aware effects mental illness .	'More and more people are suffering mental distress nowadays .
According to the passage , why do some students stop drinking milk ? Because harmful materials found kinds milk .	'Because their parents have enough time to prepare other foods for them
Which is right according to the book Organizing from the Inside Out for Teens ? You always put everything back find .	"""You should put anything necessary in a drawer that 's easy to reach ."
Why does n't the writer like Anna ? Because Anna seems best everything .	"'Because Anna is the most excellent student in their school .', ""Because Anna does n't want to be the writer 's friend ."
How many butterflies are there in the garden ?     Four butterflies	'One butterfly .
When learning English , we will afraid making mistakes	'remember the mistakes and correct them
If a participant wants to win in the rolling cheese race , he / she should first one catch cheese rolling downhill	'roll as much cheese down the hill as possible
From the passage we know 27 % nurses another job extra income .	"'Only 27 % of all nurses agree that they are under too much pressure .', ""people are envious of the nurses ' job"
When people do online shopping , imagination ownership resulted significantly higher valuations products	'they will particularly want to touch the products advertised on the Internet
What is the California builder 's story intended to prove ? A good first impression increases sales .	'The house structure is a key factor customers consider .
A necessary cause is one without impossible effect occur	'one of the causes that can produce the effect
The passage was mainly written to complain service shipping company	'introduce a famous shipping company
The passage mainly deals with appearance new learning platform	'the popularity of no - credit courses
The plans for a shorter summer holiday will help students benefit caring inspiring learning environment	'obtain the cheapest holidays without additional costs
What can we learn from the passage ? Josh kind - hearted man .	"'Josh would accept the money from the kids .', ""The two kids were Josh 's neighbors ."
According to the text , which of the following statements is not true ? All expressions made word hot simple , easily - understood .	'Taxes can be a hot potato for a politician if not handled carefully .
Why did the author begin to doubt himself after the first year of his writing career ? He n't seen change better .	"""He was n't able to have a rest for a whole year ."
Which of the following is true ? The light room comes clean , beautiful snow .	'Everyone in the world has seen snow .
"The "" big surprise "" he had at the conference was that fell love girl"	'he met another cyclist who wanted to join him
The best - known of these races is University Boat Race	'the Boat Race of the University of Oxford .
DEC has disappeared probably because CEO stuck conventional ideas	"""the consumers did n't like its products"
Which of the following best gives the main idea of this passage ? How green plants make food .	'How green plants make sugar .
At parties , it 's considered rude to speak one guest speak guests	'speak to several guests at the same time
What is the passage mainly about ? Healthy food .	'Bread processing
Which of the following is Not true ? Suzie bad health , always unhappy .	"""Max was the best friend of the author 's dad ."
Mathew Prichard 's words suggest that            Christie fond changing styles writing	"'Christie had been trying to write different stories in different styles', ""Christie 's works are short of audiences"
Which of the following is TRUE according the passage ? Despite lot pain , Dad eager know Mom 's condition soon operation .	'Dad bought a diamond jewelry to Mom for their wedding anniversary .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Herta Muller Wins Literature Nobel Prize	'The Biography of Herta Muller
Most of women 's colleges were established give women education could receive anywhere else .	'to separate women from men .
According to Katrena R , her children learned A Child 's History World together	"""read A Child 's History of the World to each other"
If a country wants to take part in the World Cup , it must have big playground	'many football fans
What does the writer regard as the official date of the beginning of photography ? The use common salt process making pictures .	'The first permanent picture made by a French scientist .
Why do some students in the U.S. choose to live in dorms , according to the passage ? Dorms allow students U.S. choose live dorms	'Dorms are safer for students to live in most cases .
This passage is about Dragon Boat Festival	'Dragon - boat racing
When the writer says Jim has a full - time job at home , he means Jim     extra work night	'makes shoes in his home
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To give readers information life .	'To encourage people to love each other .
Who should play a leading role in resisting the more extreme weather conditions ? Rich countries .	'Poor countries .
What can we learn from the passage ? Julie prepared exam carefully accident .	"""Julie 's parents did n't allow her to donate her organs ."
What would be the best title for the news report ? Elderly try hard deal quake disaster	'Elderly react more quickly to flood disaster
What were his father and mother ? His father doctor mother doctor , .	'His father was a doctor and his mother was a nurse .
The woman spoke loudly and repeatedly on her cellphone because      . good hearing	"""she was n't wearing her hearing aid"
Many cars went into the hole because the drivers know hole deep	'were going too fast to stop their cars
The passage is written to     encourage disabled children take physical activities	'tell disabled children the importance of exercise
We can learn the following from the passage EXCEPT that probably lung disease	'the author got his first baby
"What can we learn aboutFanHuaandSubeiYouth""DonQuixote "" ? They noticed Editions Philippe Picquier ."	'They were both translated into French .
When the writer really understood what his father had said . tried every way goal	'she saw the streets to the square
On Saturday morning , you can take children play games City Theater	'go to concert at Rose Hall 
What 's the best title for this passage ? Heroes : close call hotel fire	'College students have a terrible holiday
What can we learn about Chris Ulmer ? He praises students one one .	"""He is Syona 's favorite teacher ."
We can conclude from the article that generally British people n't like sharing food others	'prefer a Korean barbecue to Chinese hot pot
Which description about Pattie Ray is true ? She devotes lot son .	"""She always supports Zion 's decisions ."
What is the CORRECT comparison between the internal motivation and the external   motivation ? Internal motivation important external motivation .	'Only the internal motivation can result in success .
What 's the best title of this passage ? How learn English	'Talking about English films
Brain researchers have discovered that forming new habits guided	'the development of habits can be predicted
Which of the following is TRUE about the filming ? Sometimes scene shot reshot many times .	'Before being a part of the film 
What might be the best title of the passage ? What trapped quicksand	'A human killer -- quicksand
According to the passage , swimming with dolphins cause danger dolphins	"""is the world 's most popular tourist activity"
What is the most likely reason the writer wrote this passage ? To give information comets .	'To tell readers about famous comets .
Why are the porters considered the most powerful people in expensive hotels ? They complete difficult tasks	'They know the history of hotels
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Despite dissatisfactions college , Americans still favor college education	"'Poor quality and high costs make college less popular among the Americans nowadays .', ""People with a college degree earn better money in America than those who do n't"
The best title of the passage is The indoor air pollution	'The forms of outdoor air pollution
According to the article , which of the following is not an advantage of shopping online ? Online stores better quality goods .	'It can save people time and money .
What can we learn from the passage ? Environmental problems common effect everyone us .	'Only famous people need to care about environmental problems .
Among the following events , which one happened first ? The ants got glass box .	'All the tunnels fell down .
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Agriculture responsible part global gas emissions .	"""The governments do n't expect consumers to use the newgeneration bulbs ."
What does Mannaz say about the current management style ? It shifting towards collaborative models .	'It is eradicating the tough aspects of management .
Why are some people so good at getting lost ? Their grid cells ca n't work well	'They are unfamiliar with new places
Which of these is very smart ? A purple scarf , purple shirt , white trousers .	'A pair of long red boots 
What can you infer from the passage ? Charlie Chaplin 's belief potential led success .	'Charlie Chaplin got his first role in a film at 14 .
From this passage we know that 42 radio telescopes Hat Creek observatory work together	'the total cost of the project came from Paul Allen
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? You cover mouth nose piece paper sneeze cough .	"'Some people who were infected with the H7N9 virus had a toothache .', 'Some doctors say that masks can stop the flu as much as 100 % .', ""You do n't have to wash your hands often ."
The writer agrees * harmful always compare others	"""It 's important to know what other people think of us"
What do we know about business tycoons ? They give view policy world leaders .	'They hold a different view from the poor on the subject of money .
We can learn from the text that Moby Dick sold little better Pierre .	"""was Melville 's favorite novel ."
Teachers think that wearing school uniforms helps students put effort studies	'is just a tradition that students should follow
From this passage we can learn that . American cell phone manufacturers benefit greatly products	'American cell phone manufacturers did not give any warning to their customers
The result of the investigation showed that many women believed wives used instant coffee lazy	'women who used regular coffee were good planners
According to the passage , we know that 50,000 species disappear yearly due destruction    rainforests	"""rainforests contain 50 percent of the world 's plants"
From the passage we learn that the author thinks teachers better professionals	"""is worried about children 's performance at home"
What is the passage mainly about ? The success family business .	"""Sarah 's life story ."
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? Grandma liked stay room hours without saying word .	'Grandma preferred looking after others to being looked after .
The old couple wanted to file a divorce because n't understand actually .	"""their children did n't like them ."
Betty is studying art at college . She 's travelling to some place to enjoy art work and taste foreign foods . She could go to    Adelaide	'Lijiang River National Park
What can we learn about Portugal ? A trip Portugal relatively cheap .	'The Hotel Teatro is in the suburbs of Lisbon .
Lisa failed in fighting against the boa at first just because boa strong	'she was bitten by the boa
What 's the main idea of the text ? 85-year - old band director still inspires others .	'Johnny Long still teaches at the age of 85 .
What can we infer from the passage ? Director Zhang disliked girls many accessories make - .	'Zhou Dongyu 
What would be the best title for the passage ? Social networking sites increase disease risks	'Advantages of networking sites
Scientists have discovered that what prevents people from concentrating is great changes level noise	'any kind of noise
The passage mainly talks about education pay connected	'high paying jobs
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Robbi looks like little boy .	'Robbi is good at doing his housework .
Science writer Carl Zimmer wishes that     countries could work together cope trouble caused viruses	'a global health system could be set up to produce drugs
What is the main idea of the passage ? Attractions natural park .	'Safety tips of the natural park .
If you want to book a ticket , you CANNOT go Box Office Sundays	'ring the booking number and pay for the tickets by credit card
What may the passage talk about next ? Ways stay away phubbing	'People who are addicted to phubbing
Some women have different ideas . They say that women want freedom deciding kind life want	'women need chances to go out of the home more often
According to the passage , why do people sometimes find foreign music quite unpleasant ? Because idea listen .	"""Because they do n't like the person playing the music ."
What do we know about Mohamud according to the text ? He director Students Somalia .	'He lived in Somalia with his mother .
Hancock 's study focuses on people 's honesty levels across range communications media	'the consequences of lying in various communications media
The writer wants to tell us ask Western woman 's age whether know well	"'that a Western woman always celebrates her 39 \n thbirthday', ""to ask a Western woman 's age freely"
The main idea of the text is market research	"""how to find out customers ' social needs"
What can we infer from the passage ? Had McHugh 's timely help , woman driver two daughters would seriously injured even killed .	'It was careless of the train driver not to have noticed the warning .
What does the move of Real Networks suggest ? Software market becoming mixed market .	'Microsoft fails to control the software market .
Little Mike thinks 's beautiful , .	'the baby is nice .
In the writer 's opinion , what would happen if external examinations were taken away ? There would opportunities excellence .	'Children from poor families would not be able to change schools .
The writer implies in the story that Red Cross willing give job first	'the Red Cross gave him a job because he was a good soldier .
"What 's the purpose of writing the passage ? To report people 's opinions English removed "" Gaokao """	'To advise students not to devote themselves to learning English .
We can infer from the report that     The World Wide Fund Nature first organized Earth Hour worldwide	'Australia and Singapore were the first two countries to launch Earth Hour
The passage is mainly about Tyler changed good student	"'how Tyler got the punishment', ""how the teacher dealt with Tyler 's return"
What might be the best title for the passage ? Can recognize miracle ?	'Is a miracle significant to us ?
From the passage , we can infer    that in Africa people Egypt South Africa may get higher pay people countries	'basketball is popular among children
The author intends to tell us that better go holiday benefits health	'we have to go on holiday as much as possible
You can find the description of a night scene in Faffenburger 's Odyssey	'The Girl Who Believed In Fairies
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The woman learned health family important .	"""The woman was poor and could n't afford another car and fancy clothes ."
If you are lost in the forest , you should stay give signals three times	'walk around the forest and shout so that your friends could hear you
What does this passage mainly talk about ? Development Hollywood comedy movies .	'Famous comedians in Hollywood history .
Which of the following statements can be learned from the text ? Students low - income families still think degrees profitable change life .	"""According to Baum 's research "
What is the best title of the passage ? Healthy Lifestyles Prevent Cancer	'The Tidal Wave of Cancer is Coming
What do we know about the writer 's wife ? She used cook family .	"""She ca n't cook ."
We can infer from the passage that The writer must experienced embarrassment many times	"'The writer had difficulty remembering names because he was getting old', ""Running through the alphabet was always an effective way of remembering an acquaintance 's name for the writer"
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Senior high school graduates faced choices going college .	'Cassidy Grunderson plans to enter the automobile industry upon graduation
Which can be used as the proper title for the passage ? Alternative medicine becomes popular	'Differences between alternative medicine and conventional medicine
According to the passage , we can know that Li Na full confidence get second major title	'after the Open championship 
Which of the following is True according to the passage ? According story , Sally Ride woman astrophysicist .	"""The ambition of becoming a woman astronaut was made in Sally 's childhood ."
In the past , people kept dogs because dogs helped listened people	'could fight against other animals
Before the middle of the nineteenth century , Americans n't eat salad	'Americans ate the salad before the main course
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The city 's mayor happened city shooting took place .	'Nobody knows why the shooter did so and nothing was found at his home .
If Marry would like to know the content of Jane Eyre , where will she watch the program ? In Penghao Threater , 35 Dongmianhua Hutong , Dongcheng District .	'In UCCA 
Which of the following sentences is true according to the story . The writer 's purpose tell faith life .	"'The kids and the writer are complaining about their life .', ""All of the four kids do n't believe they can change the world ."
Who is this passage mainly written for ? Parents .	'Children .
According to this passage , we can know that 's need worry radiation mobile phones	'the mobile phone is a most wonderful invention
Which would be the best title for the passage ? All remembered n't lost	'A new concept -- object permanence
Chinese people prefer to show love by something helpful	"'saying "" I love you """
The purpose of the author in writing the text is to inform people causes weight gain developed countries	'warn people of their bad eating habits in the developed countries
What is the main idea of this passage ? How make brain healthy work actively .	'Why you should train your brain .
What is NOT mentioned ? People China enjoy eating rat meat .	"""The couple 's pets are Yorkshire terriers ."
Which of the following statements is WRONG ? Politicians would like find solution cared people 's lives .	'A well - known scientist from New York found the cause of poisoning .
Why did the writer stop his car at the drugstore ? Because wanted buy bottle water police officer	'he was afraid the police officer knew he had drunk too much
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Beijing first city Chinato ban electric bicycles starting year .	'Zhuhai rather than Beijingis the first to make law to forbidden the use of electric bicycle .
Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage ? To Type Handwrite .	'Writing by Computer Will Replace Writing by Hand
What can we learn from the text ? It normal kids stress .	'Normal people share the same feelings .
What is the text mainly about ? Talking behind someone 's back	'Rude and mean talking
In the passage the writer suggests that a student should correctly arrange time study play	'only study hard without any time to play
What can we infer from the passage ? Water biggest barrier people stop desert .	'People have no means to fight against the land becoming desert .
At the end of six months , one plant longer roots thicker stem	'one plant had longer roots while the other had a thicker stem
The aim of the at - home - reading activity is to help students families enjoy reading	'show the parents how important reading is
Why could n't women become teachers easily ? Because     schools colleges open men .	'the first profession open to them was writing .
Some people think railways are dying because trains slow	'planes and cars are expensive
Skateboarding is introduced into American schools to    help students form habit sports	'teach students how to deal with risk .
Which of the following is true ? In hunting practice cubs n't eat hunted first .	'There are about 100 South China tigers at the Zoos in China .
This message is mainly about study body shape something taste buds	'a report on body shape and favorite food
In this passage the author mainly discusses balance friendship work	'how to spend our spare time
The author probably believes that non - verbal signals important verbal signals	'we mainly rely on verbal signals during an interview
It can be inferred from this passage that Quitting smoking may help avoid alcohol drug problems .	"'Having quit smoking ', "" tobacco addicts wo n't have the same problems again ."
Mr. Jackson closed the fridge door so that safe snake	"'he could take a photo', ""the snake could n't go back to the zoo"
Which statement is NOT true according to the passage ? Rumors created businessmen promote products .	"'The movie "" 2012 "" was very popular and a great many people watched it ."
The passage mainly tells us taking notes hand better typing	'how to take notes fast in college class
What is the most important thing we can learn from the story ? Keep smiling face difficulties .	'Basketball can teach people about life .
Miyazaki 's love for flight may come from desire free gravity	'the relation between sky and water
We know from the passage that Xu Li pay 5,000 yuan training program attends alone	'the Chinese people who were born in the 1980s developed the good habit of savingmoney
The Air Umbrella fails to work when wind strong	'there is little rain
The population of the world doubled between the year 100 year 1600	'100 and the year 1400
His father and brothers could n't answer questions	'tried hard to find out something new for him
What does this passage talk about ? People 's jobs .	'How to work hard .
Which of the following is the proper title for this passage ? Body Language	'The History of Body Language
We can learn from the article that Karni 's findings based comparisons two groups participants	'the new research has discovered the memory process during the sleep
What can we conclude from the study ? Body language better choice judge intense emotions .	"""One can not judge someone 's emotions by facial expressions ."
What is the reason why our scientists are interested in the moon ? The moon easiest place space get air , unlike Earth .	'The moon is beautiful .
According to this passage , airfares may rise because airplane improved	'people tend to travel by new airplanes
After you get your books , you should decide whether keep within certain period time	'choose whether to keep them or not after you read them carefully
Which of the following proverbs can best explain the theme of the story ? As man sows , shall reap   .	'Where there is love 
Accordingly , the animal - rights militants hold the view that animals n't used toxicology testing	'animals should enjoy equal rights with human beings
""" Some people even leave all their money to their pets when they die!""is used to prove   that pets important owners children"	'pets have the right   to inherit   money
Which of the following worries people by using this technology ? A good number babies cloned	'Scientists have already successfully cloned sheep .
What would be the best title of the text ? Garden chefs	'A school garden
Which of the following is true about petroleum formation ? Petroleum formation appears begin marine sediments organic matter exists .	'Microscopic organisms that live in mud produce crude oil and natural gas .
"The term "" brick and mortar banks""(Line 3 , Para.2)refers to traditional banks walk - services"	'banks with competitive interest rates
In Tipple 's opinion , shark caught killed	'the tournaments should target common species
""" How do you feel this morning ? "" From this question we can see Jack    knew Paul well ."	'wanted to help Paul with his history .
Some medicines are less effective for beef consumers probably because antibiotics given cattle people	'some cattle feed on grains
You are a new student . Why may a bank welcome you as a customer ? They know receive money regularly .	'They charge students extra .
What can be learned from the research ? Mice oxytocin injection improved ability repair muscle damage .	'All the older mice healed faster in the research .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The writer sad every time dog died .	"""The writer does n't keep a dog at the moment ."
Why did scientists design exercise machines to use on the space station ? To help astronauts keep bones almost strong left Earth .	'To make sure that their crews return home in good health .
Iribarne 's goal of forming the foundation is to give poor kids chance better life	'bring fun to poor kids
When you consider what to study in college , what does you and your parents usually think about ? make graduation .	'whether you are interested in the subject .
When you say something with anger , they will leave a scar just as you put a nail in and then draw it out . It means hurt somebody lose temper .	"""you should n't put a nail in the fence"
What is the purpose of the passage ? To explain bad need solve child abuse China .	'To call on people to have pity on abused children .
The high - tech scanner identify presence contaminants	'make the produce appeal to shoppers
The author uses the example of prefix = st1 /FairfaxHigh Schoolto show that counseling work obviously effective	'many students transfer there for help
According to the second step , to achieve your big goals , you should divide smaller ones achieve one one time	'change your methods
Vic and 156 stand for man named Vic work ID number 156	'a man named Vic and i d number 156
What is the text mainly about ? A charity dinner held Beijing Mr. Buffett Mr. Gates .	'The development of Chinese philanthropy .
Which is not TRUE according to the passage ? The cheapest swimwear $ 5 .	'Hotel Rendezvous is in the UK .
In 1996 , Arthur C. Clarke predicted that power sources would put use soon	'we will never stop using non - renewable power sources biological
We can conclude from the passage that parents ' behavior influences children physically mentally	'teens will always be what their parents expect them to
What do Sandy and his friends do on Sunday afternoon ? Play basketball	'Play football
What do you think about writing journals as a beginner ? You little write .	"'Writing journals is fun .', ""You 're good at writing ."
From this passage , we can infer that following safety tips ensures safe online dating experience	'there are mostly homely and unemployed people online
Which of the following is NOT talked about in the passage ? Only women feelings nostalgia .	'Too much nostalgia is harmful to our health .
Why did the writer make the decision ? Because n't want act rebelliously .	'Because his mother asked him to study hard as usual .
It is infer red that the QWERTV arrangement of the keyboard keeps typist typing fast	'is the most scientific arrangement
What have modern medical and scientific researches reported to us ? Fat people eat less food less active .	'Fat people eat more food than slim people and are less active .
The accident at Taihu Lake is mentioned to introduce topic passage	'warn students against traveling alone
What is the passage mainly about ? Reasons following others balindly .	'Ways of finding successful people to follow .
Which way can help you correct mistakes in your notes ? Comparing notes others '	'Organizing the notes .
Why do contemporary Coca - Cola officials especially like to mention the year 1886 ? Because still proud Pemberton 's invention .	"""Because Conan Doyle contributed to Pemberton 's Coca - Cola invention ."
"Job - hopping means ""   changing jobs often"	'looking for a job
According to the passage , heavy TV viewers tend to take fewer vegetables	'eat less junk food
It can be inferred from the passage that The LP popular thing future	'New - born babies are sensitive to music
The story tells us that one ' care	'the monkey should go first
Why did the writer cite Samuel Pepys ? To give reader clearer picture fire .	'Because Pepys was among those putting out the fire .
John wanted to find a new job in the south because money left	'it was easier to find a job there
The University of Chicago study suggested that untrue people knew , energy - efficiency upgrade programs low - income earners would successful	'major increases in participation rates for energy - efficiency upgrade programs could be achieved by targeting low - income earners
The unemployed could n't find a job mainly because n't degree	'he always borrowed money
According to Mr. Allen , the personal computer able help people fetch something	"""ca n't help people take better care of the dog"
If you want to give up the program , you 'd better report center 3 days advance	'report it to the center 10 min before the session
The author intends to tell us that time well managed good	'could be regulated by a timepiece such as a clock or a watch
It is difficult for experts to predict Asian monsoons because formed complex climate systems .	'it is hard to keep long - term climate records .
Which of the following statements is true about Sun Veil Sunscreen ? When apply sunscreen skin , blue color disappear .	'If this sunscreen is ineffective 
According to the text , when you feel homesick at college , you can call parents	'find study partners
Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage ? Meteorite rush around Chelyabinsk	'How to identity a meteorite
In the research , soft rock and light jazz are likely to increase drivers ' safety	"""change drivers ' idea of safe driving"
Which is the best title of the passage ? Vending machines popular	'How to buy Coke
Which is one of the advantages of single - sex schools according to Abigail James ? Teaching tailored suit characteristics boys	'Boys can focus on their lessons without being disturbed
The SAT is a test designed mainly for students plan apply American universities	'Chinese students who want to go to college in America
In China , it is true that English become one important courses China .	"'If you want go to some college of Arts ', "" it is need n't learn English ."
Macmillan covered the wheels of his bicycle with iron to     allow wheels last longer	'add weight to the bicycle
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? Scientists trying find way get rid viruses	'Four countries found their computers were infected by viruses .
The author 's purpose in writing this text is to introduce group special daily rhythm	'stress the importance of getting up early
Which of the following is TRUE about Andre Agassi ? He n't like - white rule .	'He never attended the Wimbledon Tournament .
What is the text mainly about ? Introduction collections Yale .	'Introduction to Yale University .
Customer delight is important for airlines because     . likely meet complaints	'the services cost them a lot of money
"We can infer from the statement "" all foods can make a person fat if too much is eaten "" that lose weight better eat properly daily meals"	'the most effective way to lose weight is to have no fat and sweet
Where did Mrs. Green put her money ? In living room .	'In her washing room .
We may infer from this passage that Chris must written letter	'Chris was not a good designer
How did Lisa and Ashley celebrate Jordan 's birthday ? They brought food drinks home .	"'They bought him a beautiful birthday cake .', ""They invited Jordan 's parents to the birthday lunch ."
What is this passage mostly about ? Facts comets .	'Comets and the sun .
What is the best title of the passage ? Always keep red ribbon sight	'Help people with AIDS
What is the author 's purpose of telling us a German joke ? The author wants prove Germans funny .	'The author wants to show that Germans are good at telling jokes .
What is the passage mainly about ? How Lonely Planet Publications developed .	'The Wheelers liked traveling around the world .
All the following is true EXCEPT that Jackson 's L.	'Rolls Royce is now for show and will finally be sold
What can we conclude from the passage ? The Americans pay attention developing students ' abilities .	'The Americans are good at enjoying their lives in many camps .
What is the text mainly about ? Dean Young latest collection .	'Dean Young and his heart problems .
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Grandpa 's Bees	"""Grandparents ' Garden"
Which of the following best describes Shakespeare ? Shakespeare good observing learning daily life .	'Shakespeare got inspiration to write from his hometown 
The Academy gives prizes to people who done well movies	'are good friends of Margaret Herrick
The passage is mainly concerned with development word bug	'the misunderstanding of the word bug
What 's the main idea of this passage ? China reduce burden school children .	'Left - behind children in the countryside receive no education .
The best title of this passage should be The Centres Earthquakes	'Earthquakes
Which of the following is not right according to the passage ? Sit listen hour time .	'Many people find it difficult to listen to English .
It is concluded from the passage that bees     striking sense directions .	'find it difficult to find their home through complex landscapes
What should the hackers know well , do you think , after you read this story ? Computers .	'Back computer accounts .
When people take the flu vaccine , probably low fever	'their bodies will ache for 5 days
What is the writer 's purpose in writing this passage ? To give information Great Pyramid .	'To invite people to visit the Great Pyramid .
Which of the following includes two items which have the similar meaning ? Quite lot quite .	'A wise man and a wise guy .
The book My Sister Eileen consists of stories about Miss Mckenney sister	"'Miss Mckenney only', ""Miss Mckenney 's sister only"
When her father painted her first house , the daughter busy talk father	'could only afford a glass of iced tea
What would be the best title of the text ? History characteristics Christmas cards .	'Pictures and greetings on Christmas cards .
People on the island got so small because gradually developed lack food .	'they did not have enough food to eat .
"When we say "" Time is money.""we mean     Time valuable ."	'Time is equal to dollars 
Which of the following opinions does the author probably accept ? There nothing wrong advertising persuading buyers .	'Advertising can prevent low - quality articles from entering markets .
What is the official suggestion of drinking alcohol ? Moderate alcohol drinking accepted .	"""Women should n't drink any alcoho1 ."
According to the author , people with courage n't hide tears want cry	'should try to keep all the pain inside
The boy got transferred back to View Ridge because allowed work new school 's library	"""he did n't get along well with the librarian in the new school"
The firemen tried to stop the fire from spreading by pouring water onto neighboring houses	'using more fire engines
The best title of this passage may be Supermarket Management	'Cheap Food
Qixi is less popular than European Valentine 's Day because lunar calendar easy remember people n't know enjoy Qixi	"""businessmen think that European Valentine 's Day is more important than Qixi"
Crystal Collins may most probably say this exercise starts	'when the exercise is over
What 's the main advantage of the new high - speed railway ? It helps improve Xinjiang 's development .	'It takes more time to go to Urumqi to Lanzhou .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Water cycle .	'Water vapour .
Planes ca n't fly very high because air gets thinner go higher	"'there is air around the world', ""it 's warmer in the sky"
Simon Walker wrote the letter to     urge final solution problem unwanted books .	"""complain about getting books he did n't want ."
The writer writes this passage to recall   / first travel London	'tell us he / she has visited many places .
People 's facial expressions may be misunderstood because people different cultures	'people of different ages may have different understanding
There is much pollution in the air today because people drive big cars	'people drive little cars
One purpose of the writer in writing the passage is recommend website veterans people concerned	'to instruct PTSD patients to return to civilian life
Why do most children enjoy going to Beverly Hills High School ? Because fun much school .	'Because they will be actors in the school .
"Which of the following is not the reason for "" the brain drain "" ? Good housing ."	'Better research condition .
The passage is mainly about human societies horses influenced	'why humans domesticated horses
What can we conclude from the passage ? Teenagers finding harder want .	'Parents punish their teens by giving them less money .
A summer bus pass is helpful for teens to go fun	'find part time jobs
For Internet universities , exams and diplomas will be valid if defeat academic cheating	'they can attract potential students
The woman said she would return Bill 's money early possible	"""go to Bill 's home to return the money"
Who are likely to go to sleep later according to the text ? Kids text conversations bed .	'Kids putting their phones away at night .
The author mentions all the following EXCEPT The Social Democrats Germany shares view Free Democratic Party .	"'The moratorium in Germany will give time to examine the nuclear plants safety standards .', ""Switzerland will not build new nuclear plants unless they meet the experts ' safety standards ."
Which of the following is right ? Since waters close Japan held many fish decades , go farther catch fish .	"""The Japanese do n't like sluggish fish "
The passage is written mainly to tell people that still debate researchers people 's behaviors	"'development continues in young people from the teens into the twenties', ""teenagers ' behavior differs from culture to culture"
Which one is the relationship    between a forest and your life ? We forest : need live .	'We are trees in the forests .
Which one is TRUE according to this article ? Yang says chat freely many friends relax QQ .	'Lin says QQ is very helpful to their friendships .
It is implied but not directly stated that      The time left - behind kids spend housework study	"""Fu Yuan 's parents send him 500 yuan every 2 or 3 months"
According to the passage , the AAVS devotes itself to stopping US companies ' selling cloned animals	'getting most countries to fight against pet cloning
The passage is mainly written to help us enjoy documentaries better .	'inform us of factors of good documentaries .
Which of the following statements is true according to the text ? The profits make donated ACS .	'They struggle to develop their business without any help .
We can infer from the text that solutions preventing typhoid fever	'teeth can hold the largest amount of typhoid bacteria
What does the author think of beach volleyball ? It 's difficult sport .	"""It 's not an exciting sport ."
The reason Momand moved to Long Island is that wanted live rich neighborhood	'there was a country club for him to join
If we want to live Zero Waste lives we should do the following except making plan shop	'reusing plastic bags
The cafe owner wrote the post response customer 's question	'in order to improve the efficiency of the cafe
Why did Brad and Brett also donate their favorite things finally ? Meghan 's decision inspired donate favorite things .	'They were encouraged to donate some valuable things by the mother .
Who has better skills according to the crow ? The crow .	'The swan .
It can be learned from the passage that kissing widely accepted way show love affection	'kissing used to be a proper way to show love on the wedding ceremony
According to the passage , it can be inferred that    ban use selfie - sticks aimed ensuring security .	'previously guests can take photos with selfie - sticks on thrill rides .
The two best seasons for thinking seem to be spring fall	'winter and summer
According to the writer , a girl above 17 should be careful when enjoying worldwide championship wife lifting	'the world championship of grimaces
Which bowl can test whether a pig is optimistic or pessimistic ? The bowl unfamiliar two types pigs .	'The bowl with chocolate sweets .
According to the passage , you n't write password card .	"'can let your best friend know your password .', ""should n't tell the bank that you lose your card ."
Which of the following is NOT closely related to cultural differences in the story ? .Halfway plate open mouth , large chunk redcooked eggplant fell brand new white shirt .	"'"" Ai!This dish not salty enough "
On - line news and magazine stories are information products available Internet	'the most popular products on the Internet
Barnard 's Star moves more quickly than star	'most stars
Which of the following is covered within this text ? How operate radio timer .	'What other owners say about the radio .
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To explain benefit art people .	'To advise us to buy an expensive artwork .
Professor Twigg found that , compared with the 1960s , price clothes generally fallen 70 %	'people spend 30 % less than they did on clothes
Which of the following is not true ? If enough blood , 'll wise	"""Exercise is good for a person 's head"
We can learn from the passage that 139 subjects involved new study	'the high pricing will change the exact taste of the food
What does the article mainly talk about ? What preference dogs cats tells .	'Differences between dogs and cats in their personality traits .
The purpose of the text is to help night workers sleep well	'persuade workers to have a god sleep .
It implies   from the passage that n't necessary fear future	'many people know how to fight against fear
""" do the same "" ""   recommend good books"	"'sell books for long hours', ""like Mark Twain 's books"
In the article , the writer mainly wants to tell us planets universe came	'how the high mountains were formed on the sun
The text suggests that in the future we may fight new diseases	'may easily get infected by diseases from dogs
According to the passage , therapy dogs have long been used to stop elders feeling upset	'be good partners for the students to play with
According to the passage , which of the following if TRUE ? Students choose go good university .	'Life at the Met School is very easy because there are no tests .
What do we know from the dialogue ? Luck n't think travel without soy sauce .	'Luke come to love wild animals because of his mother .
According to the text , we learn that some employees might let sensitive business information Facebook	'make use of social media to start their own business
If Hank Snydder joins the Suffers of Sun City next year , play baseball team nothing	'the owner of the Muggers will feel happy
Everyone was surprised that Gladys much money	'Gladys lived such a long life
If you want to visit the world 's first freshwater national park , you should go to Malawi Lake	'Taal Lake
Which of the following is true of the heating system of the Johnstown campus ? The heat is supplied by human bodies heat sending objects	'human bodies 
Which is the least possible if a fraud has happened to you ? The fraud departments find imposter right away .	'You may have debts in your credit card .
Why did his classmates laugh at the boy ? Because could n't speak well .	'Because the boy was foolish .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Do old people bad memory ?	"""Scientists ' new findings on brains"
Michael Meacher tried follow Irish example tax plastic bags	'followed the Irish example with a tax on plastic bags
Which of the following is /are NOT used when students have social studies classes ? Paper textbooks .	'Computers .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Oprah Winfrey Conquering Americans .	'Oprah Winfrey -- the No 1 Celebrity .
If you go to visit the Long March exhibition with an Australian , how much will you pay altogether for the admission ? 23 yuan .	'16 yuan .
what was the problem caused by the construction of the railways ? land west hard manage .	'some railroad stops remained .
What is said about the over 100 aircraft incidents in the past 16 years ? They suspected resulted electromagnetic interference .	'They may have been caused by the damage to the radio systems .
Why do international coffee companies consider opening businesses in India ? Indians come like taste coffee .	'India consumes very little coffee .
According to the passage , which of the following phrases is related to the sea ? Under weather .	'Tie the knot .
"From the sentence "" We never get tired of hearing new ones "" , we can infer that absent - mindedness happens professors many people"	"'we enjoy hearing new stories about absent - mindedness of professors', ""we do n't want to know anything more about absent - mindedness of professors"
What is the topic of the passage ? An introduction four top supermarket chains around world .	'The history of four top supermarkets chains .
Why does your dog use his nose when looking for orange , yellow or green toys in the grass ? Because colors shades yellow eyes .	'Because he wants to show how keen his nose is .
Which one is Yiqiong Zhang 's dream ? Managing bookstore flower shop middle ages .	'Having an equal chance for the young in China .
This passage is mainly about music lessons good memory	"'the benefit from extra - curricular training for younger children', ""a study on twelve young children 's brains"
The doctors gave Mr. Jackson the right medicine when London Zoo told kind snake	'Mr. Jackson sent the photo to the hospital
According to the passage , what has this too fast development in Chinese aviation brought about ? Many new airports built across country , serious growing problems arisen well .	'Many new airports have been built across the country 
This passage is mainly about whether need worry English world language	'why English has become a global language
What is the author 's opinion of a great vacation in the passage ? A vacation means change pace make one creative .	'A vacation is having nothing to do but read all day .
The title   of this article should   be Einstein	"""Einstein 's Coat"
The aim of underwater archaeology is to study underwater artifacts	'search for underwater life
Which of the following sentences is TURE ? There kinds e - readers market .	'iPads are the most popular gift among all the electronics .
After the spittlebugs grow into adults , they take different look	'continue to make foam
What might be the purpose of writing the text ? To tell us two budget hotels .	'To show the problems of London hotels .
What is the best title for this passage ? Why People Dream ?	'Dream Makes Hopes
The bus starts . The old man throws bag window	'asks the woman to sit on the seat
The author writes the passage so that readers can visit campus easily possible	'know about the beauty of the campus
Which of the following can be the best title of the story ? To See Better --- Feel	'Touching by Feeling
What is the passage mainly about ? Eye problems children caused using digital products .	"""Dr. Warford 's experience of working out eye problems ."
Which of the following will more encourage children 's success at school according to the passage ? Parents discuss children possible future career .	'Parents order their children to stop playing video games .
If you spend 20 dollars in Happy Times Doll Shop , how much money will you get back ? 5 dollars .	'15 dollars .
A new law may be passed by the British Parliament to protect wild animals like foxes	'control fox - hunting on a large scale
The young man cried at the tomb because he n't able tell mother loved	'had spent all his money on the roses
It seems that Pokemon Go is a game encouraging players walk exercise instead staying indoors	'designed to help patients in hospital recover sooner
Which of the followings shows American stores offer convenience to customers in this passage ? Some stores open new checkout lanes lanes crowded .	"""The store clerks do n't usually sit around watching TV or playing cards ."
If you do n't want to replace the door , you can Both A B	'seal the door tightly
Which is the best title for the passage ? A Merry Christmas	'Hungry but merry girls
According to Fred , snakes usually dangerous	'snakes are very dangerous
The author holds that it 's a challenge to plan a schedule for a child mainly because parents stuck numerous choices	"""a child 's schedule is too complex"
If you have a cold , you can do the following except forcing eat	'drinking a lot of water
The second driver let John ride on his bus because kind enough help aged	'now John produced his CTA card
The main purpose of the passage is attract people buy book	'to describe some interesting body language
According to the passage , which of the following statements is n't true about medium ? Mass media persuade us buying n't need .	'Mass media have an effect on our speech and thoughts .
What can we learn from the end of the story ? The old man achieved goal .	'The three sons were still as lazy as before .
What can be inferred from Matthew 's letter ? Rick kept touch Matthew .	'Matthew sent some pictures to Rick .
Miss Li has two daughters	'two English classes on Monday
The author liked gathering flowers with her grandmother mainly because spending time grandmother good emotional needs	'her grandmother taught her everything about flowers
The writer used not to feel Father 's true love because father showed love good way express children	'he just lost himself in his own mind without getting close to his father
Which of the following ca n't people do in the hospital ? Visiting patients morning	'Listening to the hospital radio .
Besides the price of PS 129 , each tourist will have to spend money on     admission Palace Versailles	'the tour of Montmartre
For what purpose does Carole bring some brochures ? To help poor Chinese students dropping school .	'To introduce the Spring Festival and Chinese culture .
What is the best title for the passage ? Parents ' favoritism affect children deeply	'Why do parents show favoritism to children ?
Ryan Puthumana holds the view that video games interesting art .	"""are n't fun enough to be art ."
"The best title for this passage would be ""   A new invention Olympics"	'A new generation of cell phones
Why did Jack think Mr. Belser died years ago ? Jack busy realizing dreams think Mr. Belser .	'College and career prevented him from remembering Mr. Bleser .
The topic for the two letters is parking problems city center	'building a multi - storey car park in the city center
What do the American people like very much ? Playing American football .	'Touching the ball with hands .
Which of the following statements in NOT true ? If smoking banned , number teen smokers larger .	'If smoking is banned 
According to the passage , the United States and Columbia were on bad terms because the United States had supported Panamanian revolutionaries fight independence Columbia .	'at first wished to build a canal through Nicaragua
What are Katy Janda 's words mainly about ? The importance changing building users , habits .	'The necessity of making a careful building design .
"According to the sentence "" Anyone who 's studying medicine should have his head examined , "" we know that writer thinks want doctors crazy"	'a doctor must be mentally strong so that he can meet any difficult situation
In order to host the World Cup , Brazil     constructed new , modern stadiums	'has organized groups of passionate fans
What factor is least related to the teen drivers ' high risks of crashes ? Passengers ' sex .	"""Drivers ' age ."
Why did Rebecca like climbing Scafell Pike best of the three trips ? Because saw sheep eyes dark .	'Because the Scafell Pike was the darkest part .
How did the operation work for Darek Fidyka ? The nasal cells helped spinal nerves repair .	'The nervous system in the spinal nerves can repair itself .
which is the best title for the passage ? solar energy could reshape west	'how the railways have affected the west
The purpose of the passage is mainly to encourage people join FanStory . com	'provide writers with more entertainment
The passage implies that The yuan 's devaluation contributes lot China 's economic growth .	"""Exchange rates are the most important factor determining a country 's relative level of economic health"
In traditionally female jobs , attractiveness reinforces feminine qualities required	'makes women look more honest and capable
After the incident , young Alfred would probably change attitudes towards life	'feel frightened at her mother
It can be concluded from Conlon 's experiments that given prices help promote online sales	'online shopping is time - consuming
Einstein , Newton and Galileo did so many things for mankind because learned everything inside outside school	'they learned a lot at school
According to the passage , China particpates in the meeting of G7 because China playing important part world economy	'China has become one of the richest countries of the world
Nowadays , the owners of McDonald 's restaurants pay for McDonald 's name menu	'people to take the food away
George Pickens wished for a robbery because it would help take money without caught	'show that the bank was important
The Worried Grandfather wrote the letter to tell newspaper let readers know danger hitchhiking	'young people to listen to their parents at home
Which of the following can be the best title of the story ? To See Better -- Feel	'Touching by Feeling
The passage is mainly to explain women critical appearance men	'compare different views on beauty between women and men
You need to hold the handle of a teaspoon between your front teeth so that mouth wo n't move	'your voice will change
It can be implied that customers used concerned quality watch image	'people will gradually lose interest in watches as they grow older
What will those who often dine out put in the fridge ? Only something drink .	'All kinds of food they like .
Which of the following made the government improve the cycling infrastructure ? Children 's safety demand lack oil .	'A large number of bikes .
Why were Jules Verne 's books very popular in the19th century ? Because many people interested science inventions .	'Because his books made him rich and famous .
When a typhoon comes , we can not stay outside bikes	'listen to typhoon news
If you like to swim indoors , you can choose Holiday Inn Express Universal City	'Hilton Universal City
Which is true ? Sally works hard	'Billy says there are no buses early in the morning .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Amery forgave writer rude behavior .	'The writer liked playing on boys of all sizes .
The main topic of this passage is Rockwell expressed protest .Iris work	'how Rockwell encouraged Ruby to fight against racism
The GPS service mentioned in the passage is providing elderly emergency aid	'a telecommunications service provider
Challenge Alaska mentioned in the passage must be organization provides sports chances disabled	'a national program designed to help the disabled
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Josef Meingast devoted restoring piano .	'The piano has never been repaired .
Tom decides to spend his senior year in Poland because intends improve scores	'sports are not supported at schools in Gettysburg
What 's the main idea of this passage ? We try best make strong enough beat difficulties .	"'We should beat trees with rolled - up newspapers .', ""We ca n't grow up without our parents ' care ."
You can read the time of Big Ben four faces clock	'at the top of the clock tower
By the example of the birthday party for Suri Cruise , the writer probably wants to show that children famous people really expensive birthday parties	'famous people love their children very much
What picture is it ? It picture classroom .	'It is a picture of boys and girls .
Why is Modern Family so popular ? It reflects current US society .	"'It presents what a typical "" nuclear family "" is like in the US ."
What message does the passage want to tell us ? A vegetarian diet helps protect environment .	'More and more people are becoming strict vegetarians .
Samuel Mehr may agree that music training still important cultural reasons	"'the children who attended music class are smarter than those who attended arts class', ""IQ is a good measure of a child 's intelligence"
Which of the following is true ? pollution - warmer weather - glaciers melt - water expand	'warmer weather - glaciers melt - water expand - pollution
Which of the following is true ? Liu helped students find picture wrong .	"""Li Siyi does n't believe anything in her textbooks now ."
Which of the following is NOT true about the watch ? It easy wear carry .	'It can tell the time in different languages .
What the next customer said implied that angry middle - aged woman	"""she could n't wait one more minute in line"
Which is TRUE about the computer games according to the passage ? You ca n't spend much time computer games .	"""The computer games are n't interesting ."
Which of the author 's English learning experiences was not worthy of notice ? In elementary school .	'The first year in high school .
According to the passage , boarding schools students ' time managed carefully	'provide children with more freedom
What can be inferred from the passage ? There possible cure allergic asthma .	'Asthma is caused by acute inflammation of the airways .
Why does marital quality have a bigger effect on women ? Because women tend keep negative feelings .	'Because women have to take care of their sick husband .
We can infer from the passage that the writer    . never got see bride	"'signed the register led by Mick', ""held the ceremony at Mick 's house"
It can be concluded from the passage that British offices use word processors	"""working at a VDU for a long time is good for one 's health"
We can learn from the passage that e - books may slower reading speed compared printed books	'born digital 
When the author called home that evening , she found that one answering telephone	'two younger children had already been in bed
Which of the following is right ? Thanksgiving falls fourth Thursday November .	'In 1620 
What does the author try to draw attention to ? The decline grain yield growth .	'Food riots and hunger in the world .
Why do people usually take a walk and have a talk on May 15th ? Because 's International Day Families people work family problems day .	'Because on that day 
Frederick 's experiment was extreme because ignored importance mothering babies	'he wanted to prove children are born with ability to speak
The lands along the trail protected federal government state governments	'are protected entirely by either the federal government or state governments
The International Meteorological Organization Prize is intended to honor     . made great contributions science meteorology	'world - famous glaciologists doing research in the South Pole
The sevenyearold children cried because of something Santa Claus	"""their teacher 's leaving"
Why is Tu Youyou 's winning considered the landmark success ? Because first Chinese woman win Nobel prize .	'Because she arouses great national pride and hopes .
What can we learns about the contents of the books ? A Room One 's   Own h writing ,	'The   Art o f War also gives definition of philosophy .
According to the rules , the students of Korea can different hair styles	'go to different high schools without exams
Which of the following is Not mentioned in the passage ? Why people eat cold .	'When people should treat a fever
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Few Chinese people feel connected Christmas celebrations .	'Christmas is the season people will hold their hard - earned money tightly .
From the passage we can tell that the boy pleased see Rick	'was worried that Rick had forgotten him
According to the writer 's opinion , writer n't agree London streets planners	'avenues and streets are the same
Among African Americans , women use Internet men	'women equal men in the use of the Internet
Sooner or later the forests will disappear    unless people taught importance planting trees	'unless people stop cutting down their trees
The reason why few cars drove on the small dirt road was that long distance city	'there was a big and deep hole
No children know Fred well because never talks others	"""he does n't answer any questions in class"
Which method was used in both studies ? Showing pictures face , body participants .	'Judging facial expressions of people in the stock market .
What 's the writer 's purpose of telling his own experience with his first wife ? To explain two kinds fears .	'To explain the bad effects of different fears .
"According to the passage , why did "" Marcus Welby , M.D. "" receive so many letters ? Because viewers believed doctor exist real life ."	'Because certain TV programmes recommended him to viewers .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Check time exam certain time .	'Your concentration will improve if you study and watch TV at the same time .
Which of the following is Small 's conclusion from the program ? People 's memories improved memory exercises .	'Diet and exercise can help people keep their physical health .
Stefanie DeLuca probably agrees that students think twice taking gap years	'taking gap years enables students to achieve success
"What is the main idea of the text ? How word""belittle""came ."	'The argument about natural wonders .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? My grandfather treat women unfair way	'My grandmother cares for her children even some strangers .
What 's the best title for the text ? Get cooking !	'Eat nutritious food !
According to Para . 3 , if the author had any money on him , he most probably gave big boys please	'gave it as a bride to the headmaster
The author tries to persuade readers to accept his argument mainly by pointing faults zoos	'using evidence he has collected at zoos
We can infer that as ocean temperatures increase fish tend move towards colder areas	'more big fish will be born in the sea
The best title for this passage might be TV Dinner	'Talk At Dinner Table
What would be the best title for the text ? Watercress , amazing food	'The history of watercress
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? A New Exam Designed Students	'The Four Skills in Learning English
According to those who hold the first view , why should one follow the fashion ? One follow fashion society progressing .	"""One should follow the fashion so that they wo n't be looked down ."
In the writer 's opinion , American children poorly equipped future	'are more creative than children from other countries
To get rid of your shyness , you should learn talk others relaxed way	'find a beautiful girl to talk with
Which may be the possible result of the gaps in science knowledge during kindergarten ? Children 's academic performance afterwards affected .	'Children from rich families will behave better in life .
Donald got the same grade as Brian because Donald cheated	'both boys were good at maths
Which of the following types of basketball allows physically strong and disabled players to play together ? Bankshot Basketball	'Street Basketball
What does the author say is the general view about health care ? The , better .	'Better care 
"What can we learn about "" Friends "" ? It one famous soap operas ."	'It is the most popular sitcom in America .
According to the passage , the American family value in the past is that American parents place needs children	"'Americans love their families more than their jobs', ""Americans often set aside their children 's needs"
Which of the holidays happens first in a year ? International Friendship Month .	"'National Friendship Day .', ""Women 's Friendship Day ."
What can be the best title for the passage ? Crocuses -- My Source Faith	'A Pink Crocus -- My Memory
What is the disadvantage of the credit cards ? They leave buying really afford .	'They will leave you spending more than paying in cash or with checks .
It is known from the passage that Cheryl Olson surprised kids ' increasing use mobile devices	'Brandon Blanco feels very annoyed about his late - night text
What factors influence wind chill ? Air temperature wind speed .	"""A person 's body temperature and will speed ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? The younger brother two mothers	'The mother was not kind to the elder brother
From what Maria says we know many people like shopping weekends	"'things are cheaper on weekends', ""people do n't like shopping on weekends"
The best title for this passage is The number languages world	'Different countries 
Which of the following means that you sleep well ? You fall asleep within 20 minutes .	'You feel tired after getting up
Which of the following is TRUE ? The number animals becoming smaller smaller .	'A tadpole shrimp can live for 100 years .
We can infer from the passage that important holiday coming soon	'the shooting created fears among the customers
"The best title for this passage may be "" Not End Beginning"	'Which is the Best : Train 
According to the passage , which of the following about Dickens is true ? He began write fictions 21 years old .	'He only wrote about poor people and showed deep sympathy for them .
From the boy 's speech , we know grandmother great influence	'people had forgotten her until the boy appeared
Which of the following is RIGHT ? Hobby one 's regular activity spare time .	"""Hobby is one 's regular activity in his office ."
The best title of the passage is iPads , E - Readers , Notebook Computers top wish lists	'How to choose a suitable gift for Christmas
What kind of underground system are already here with us ? Tunnels , car parks , shopping areas .	'Gardens 
"What can we infer from the book "" The Daughter Trap "" ? Daughters devote lot care giving ."	"""Daughters do n't like care giving ."
The belief shared by John Kerry and Joanna Kidd is placing Syria 's chemical weapons international control hard achieve	"""Bashar al - Assad 's administration should be punished for breaking the ban"
Suppose you are a man invited to an informal party by an Austrian , you 'd better dress dark suit white shirt	'wear dark clothes and dark suit
From this passage we can know that learn forgive	"""we should n't use plastic bags"
What 's the best title of the passage ? Stop polluting	'Change or leave
Why did folk art become popular during the period from 1930 to 1960 ? It offered artists freedom expression .	"""Artists did n't need to spend much on materials ."
Which of the following is True according to the passage ? Trees colours like yellow orange even summer .	"""Trees do n't change colours with seasons ."
The plan to fire on the Japanese ghost ship was paused because Canadian fishing boat wanted save ghost ship	"""the ghost ship was beyond the reach of the Coast Guard 's guns"
On National Youth Service Day , young volunteers will cleaning public places	'prepare food for hungry people
In the author 's opinion , today 's most important advance in technology lies in medicine	'brain cells
What opinion does the author hold ? You use brain following others .	'It is wrong to follow other people .
The Chinese girl smiled in an American classroom because    She could n't answer question .	'the teacher asked her to answer a question .
The man found a lot of proofs except remains flying saucer	'special marks on soil near the hole
You can probably enjoy the flowers beside the stream in Harlow Carr Kew Gardens	'Kew Gardens and Bon Stewart
The passage tries to tell us the importance of attitudes toward life	'body size
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The new design desks help people sit less .	"'The "" treadmill desk "" is used by people to run .', ""It 's better for school students to use standing desks ."
What 's the best title of the passage ? A friend 's prayer	'Two men on a ship
Which of the following would be the best title ? More Actor	'The Life of a TV Actor
The writer 's first job was drive oxen ploughed cane fields	'to stand down the fairway at a golf course
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The Industrial Age started Middle East .	'The Bronze Age is one of the earliest civilizations .
Why did the second group produce more than the other two groups ? Because felt nicely treated tried best repay .	'Because they thought they were better paid than the other groups .
Which of the following matches is NOT true ? Beatles -- Chuck Berry	'the Rolling Stones -- Satisfaction
In the end Mr. Robinson found out that notice put seat soldier .	'the girl was the last passenger who got on the plane .
What can we learn from the passage ? Robinson worried population growth .	'Robinson is happy after talking to the Ethiopian girl .
What may be the best title for the text ? Too Much Gaming Is A Pain In The Neck	'To Play Games Well 
Which of the following can be the best title for this passage ? The history American diners	'Food carts -- the early diners
It can be concluded from the passage that base conclusions accidental evidence .	"""one should take notice of other people 's merits ."
The damage to the ozone layer was caused by ozone - destroying chemicals	'chemicals from refrigerators
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Dogs helpful making reading interesting effective .	'Dogs are loyal friends for humans .
What 's the best title for this passage ? Life like train ride	'Memories of a train ride
Talking of her father , Kathryn greatly proud	'praised him for his wood art
What do we know about the twins from the passage ? Those could draw better 4 tend intelligent 14 .	'Twins who look similar to each other draw better pictures .
According to the family statement we can know that Shirley Black survived husband Charles Black	"'Shirley Black had been ill in bed for a long time', ""Black 's family was of five generations before she died"
What is the text mainly about ? A kind girl caring children HIV .	'A nonprofit organization providing services for kids .
According to Liz , if your boss is leaving for another job , you can let know want position indirectly	'ask your manager to give the position to you
According to Catherine , it is uncertain whether body shape decided food enjoy	'how many body shapes there are
Mrs Blair might support the women who try balance work family life	'sacrifice their own careers to look after their children
What caused the last rider to stop and help the old man ? kindness sympathy	"""the old man 's poor situation"
Some people keep healthy lifestyle but die younger than others because ages relatively faster biological rate	'their biological clock is not powerful enough
Which of the following about Night Feeding Tours on January 10 , 2015 is WRONG ? Visitors feed animals person .	'Tickets are non - refundable .
What Medvedev 's first teacher said shows Medvedev friendly	'Medvedev and Putin were her students
Which of the following sentences is NOT true ? Now 20 million people celebrate Earth Day .	'Americans celebrated the first Earth Day .
What can we learn about Wentworth Castle Gardens ? It provides shortest visiting time day .	'It offers a great place to play bowling .
Which of the following colours should NOT be used in cells according to me passage ? Red .	'Yellow
The purpose of the passage above is persuade people choose home schools	'to give information about different schools
We can infer from the passage that Graham helped change author 's attitude	"""the author 's favorite sport is climbing hills"
We can infer from the passage that many people use Internet purpose sending receiving email	'email is the only application of the internet
Which of the following can best summarize   the work a woman in an SOS Village does for each group of children ? She gives children lot love kindness	'She lives with each group of children
According to WHO officials , we can know that simple coal cook - stoves cause many deaths	'many people refuse to use clean fuels and technologies
What did the interview find out ? One 's race gender nothing weight .	'9.5 hours of sleep a night is enough for children .
Which of the following statements is correct according to the passage ? Not recently mother understand put bottle lake .	"'The man threw the bottle into the lake without any purpose .', ""The man did n't put the bottle into the nearby river because it had a strong current ."
Which of the following does the author suggest for those with kids ? Snowball fighting	'Cross - country skiing
The example of the little boy is used to show that people sometimes wrong ideas language works	"'"" pig "" is a dirty word because pigs are dirty"
Which sentence is right ? Inuit build snow houses winter .	'We can skate in summer .
What can be inferred from the passage ? Governments take measures help people change bad habits .	'All the people are well aware of the harm of their bad habits .
Based on the passage , the researchers calculated people 's life satisfaction within five years	'collected 13 years of nationwide data
What 's wrong with the boots John Trimbald bought ? The soles boots began fall apart .	"'The color of the boots had shaded a lot .', ""The boots did n't fit the workers well ."
According to the selection , which of the following is true ? Non - smokers suffer polluted air smokers .	'Smokers suffer from the polluted air more than the non - smokers .
"Which of the following statements about "" the cat - like animal "" , described in the passage , is NOT true ? It catch animal forest ."	'It comes for food only at night .
What is implied but not stated in the passage ? If one gets habit relaxing every day overcome stress easily .	'The art of relaxation can greatly help people bear stress .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the news ? The family n't like linked neighbors .	'The father is not responsible for the boy .
According to the passage why some of the scientists are unhappy with the Nobels ? Nobles quite possibly slow recognize achievement	'because usually the Nobels award work done in the previous year .
It has been proved that GM techniques increase production crops	"""GM foods are harmful to people 's health"
What is the writer 's purpose in writing this passage ? To help readers make better decision buying house	'To encourage readers to build a house of their own
Which of the following was NOT an effect of the ban on cutting down forests ? Villagers stopped selling things tourists .	'The Baima people had a tense relationship with the reserve .
The writer called for a wheelchair for the old man because old man surgery weak	'the old man had broken his leg when he was dropped off at the curb
Some of the children are angry with their parents in the passage because children limited parents	"'the parents think they eat too much', ""the parents do n't like the friends that their children have made"
By using a water filter , people    drink water without fearing water n't treated	'will have to pay more money eventually than if they just drink bottled water
Which of the following is about the five countries that launched man - made satellite independently before 1970 ? The former Union Soviet Socialist Republics , America , France , Japan China .	'The former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics 
Online summer school is not suitable for students poor reading	"""those who do n't master good computer technology"
What is the passage mainly about ? Things consider choosing pen name .	'Benefits of using a proper pen name .
From the story , we know that Mrs Smith stop talking much night .	'Mrs Smith was ill
Barrie took Star everywhere he went because wanted care Star	'he had never seen a duck like Star
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Bahia Bakari 's mother died accident	"'Bahia Bakari was saved by the lifebuoy', ""Bahia Bakari 's father saved his daughter"
All the following ways can contribute to your business EXCEPT dreaming living comfortable life	'deciding to change your present life
What does this passage mainly talk about ? Laptops used Westlake College Virginia .	'Laptops are very popular in universities of America .
What is the text mainly about ? Wizard rock .	"'Harry Potter .', ""Harry Potter 's music ."
Which of the following sentences is TRUE , according to the passage ? Tar cigarettes causes cancer .	'Smokers continue smoking because smoking is very interesting .
What can NOT be inferred from the text ? Naming custom cause puzzle among Asian countries .	'Wives do not keep their family names in Japan .
Who or what saved the girl 's life ? Her tears	'The ant
During evolution , humans gained skills also lost skills	'lost 98.8 percent of their DNA shared with chimps
The school Ananda Siksha Niketan was created by Babar Ali	'six college students
It 's a great pity that man n't realized importance trees	'man is only interested in building empires
If the Georgia Aquarium 's request is allowed , 49 belugas kept aquariums U.S.	"""there 'll be 210 belugas in the world"
Now many young people like to eat western food because busy lunch slowly western food meets need	'the western food is very delicious
The report says that in Indian forests long ago dangerous animals killed	'no killing of animals was allowed
What would be the best title for this passage ? Eight habits keep flu away	'The cause of contracting the flu
What 's the writer 's opinion ? Do n't save someone 's brain dead	"'An unconscious person is clear about his condition', 'An unconscious person knows that he will die', ""When someone 's brain is dead "
When the author drove to work , he saw A blind couple walking driveway	'some drivers were driving their cars very fast
The passage is mainly about lake - effect snow forms around Great Lakes	'the influences of the lake - effect snow for local people
What would be the best title for this passage ? Nurses plan give jobs .	"'Nurses dislike their jobs .', ""Nurses ' low income"
Why does the author say Earth Day is connected with Mother 's Day ? To show much mother cares environment .	"""Because Mother 's Day falls shortly after Earth Day ."
What is special about the prefix = st1 /PalaceStaterooms ? They quite lot furniture high quality .	'They are used by the Royal Family for their daily life .
Which can be the best title of the passage ? False Reports From Different News Media	"'Kristina ', "" We 're Still Praying And Waiting On A Miracle"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The color Robbie 's raincoat red .	'The raincoat can stop the rain .
Your body is just one part of who you are . Your talent for comedy , a quick wit   , and all the other things make you unique . So try not to let small imperfections take over . They care much girls body image .	"""Use this as an opportunity to discover what you 're good at ."
"In the text "" dieters "" means those who take weight -reducing diets"	'have healthy diets
Sitting too much is dangerous because it can destroy balance glucose fat body	'increase glucose and fat in the body
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Cellphone Ban Driving	'Cellphone Ban inCars
What made the author begin to doubt about the dentist ? The dentist 's agreeing treat short notice .	"""The dentist 's being as busy as the other dentists ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Asian people tend save money .	'Asian children depart from their diet tradition .
The doctor 's business was n't as good as before because old forgetful	'he was always ready to help people
Which of the clubs focuses mainly on the basic knowledge of language ? French Language Lab , Beginner .	'English Conversation .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Different cells different uses bodies .	'Each person can make 18 kg of skin cells every day .
The monkeys in the research were trained to exchange rock researchers	'give away food to the researchers
Which of the following is not true according to the passage ? All five zones functions .	'The Expo site covers the area of 5.28 km \n 2 .
The main idea of this passage could best be stated as Clerc , educated Frenchman , made difference American Deaf Education	'Clerc was an intelligent man
If you want to know about the history of Zhejiang , you can find it in IN TOUCH	'AROUND HANGZHOU
One passenger suggested writing a letter to the company to thank conductor good service	'criticize the conductor for his rude behavior
According to the passage , it can be inferred that what wo n't disturb us are changes whose effect predict control	"""the changes that have agreement with one 's will"
"By saying "" I 'm far too busy to think of giving up ! "" , Reeve means 's busy time think giving"	"""he 's too busy that he begins to think about giving up"
According to the author 's prediction , we can know that The price chocolate going way	'Chocolate will become cheap sooner or later
All of the following are true EXPECT that Coston tried several times became volunteer firefighter	'Coston wanted to be a firefighter when he was a kid
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? It difficult find job waitress engineer .	"""Hawaii 's cost of living is higher than many other places in the US ."
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Iditarod Dog Trip training chance participants Iditarod race .	'VICAAR offers other types of trips to Central Mongolia .
The passage is mainly concerned with    solar -- powered sensors provide traffic data	'Speedlnfo Inc. that produces radar sensors
In the eyes of Erica Avrami ethical depends travelers destinations	'being ethical is not actually a wonderful idea
What can we learn from the passage ? Trying healthy important trying thin .	"""Girls should follow hairstylists ' advice to change their hairstyles every day ."
In the author 's opinion , a tourist can enjoy Huaplee Beach most when he forgets daily routine	'sits in a beach chair
Why do some people think badly of the writer 's new paper after reading it ? The writer n't shown encouraging attitude paper .	"'The writer asks people to try to make things better .', ""The writer reminds the people that things will go exactly as you 've planned ."
Cancienne and his team made no money from the project because ' chance something state	'the state is short of money to cover the cost
Which of the following statement is TRUE according to the text ? It fourth dealer writer made successful deal .	'In 1996 
The writer enjoyed his visits to the farm because exciting place .	'there were old stone walls .
Which statement is TRUE according to the passage ? KIDS largest charity group UK helping disabled kids .	"'John was a teacher who taught disabled kids .', ""Many students in John 's classes were disabled ."
If you are a graduate from Shanghai Finance and Economics University , what is it that will probably attract you to visit Vancouver ? HSBC Canada	'Its international trade .
What can be inferred according to the passage ? Some possible measures taken authorities .	'People like 3D laser show better than any other events .
When he lost his ways in the desert   of North Africa , nothing eat drink	'he saw a bag full of stones and sand
According to the passage , which of the following statement about ' Draw - a - Child ' test is true ? The children took test four .	"""The test was devised in the 1920 's ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? GWAA expanded program concept made nationwide 1995 .	'The author invented the program inspired by the Anchorage Daily News .
What would be the best title of this passage ? The ecosystem problems Nile Basin	"""People 's life in Egypt and Sudan"
What is one criticism of the government 's support for energy - efficiency improvements in Michigan ? The total cost home improvements twice much average savings would produce .	"""The results varied so widely between participants that it was impossible to measure the program 's effectiveness ."
What is the news mainly about ? 12 Picket Post Close Bracknell sale	"""Harry Potter 's s childhood home"
Which is the best title for the passage ? Blood groups	'Blood transfusion
Which of these dangers of mobile phones or the Internet is Not mentioned in the passage ? Someone know call .	'Someone can post your photograph on the internet .
Which of the following would be the best title of the text ? A kid - invented device calm dogs ' separation anxiety .	"'"" iCPooch "" wins in a young scientist competition ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ?    Mark 's parents satisfied love reading .	'Mark began to teach himself reading at the age of 3 .
Why do managers working in Disney parks wear special service clothes in the park ? Because want gain better view company 's aims	'Because they want to set a good example for employees
"What 's the purpose of the""American Host Family program "" ? To bring foreign students closer American life ."	'To provide homes for foreign students .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? The owner inn got nothing old man .	'Both the owner and his wife were clever .
We can conclude from the passage that teachers call help solve bullying problems	'all the older students like to bully the younger students
What does the author enjoy most from re - orgazining his books ? Rediscovering interesting stories behind books .	'Finding some missing books .
Which of the following is FALSE about the makeshift houses mentioned in the text ? They lack proper convenient communal facilities .	'They are built not by cement and bricks but by light - weight Steel or foamed plastic .
When you learn English , you do not need to understand everything	'practice with your classmates outside class
The boy came to the fisherman in order to ask fisherman question	'buy a fish head
.We may infer from the passage that Beckham likely miss world Cup	'Beckham will definitely not be able to play football again
What is the passage mainly talking about ? How GPS keep teenagers safe .	'The use of GPS in everyday life .
When Johnson said he had an injection in his neck each evening , he really meant that liked drinking glass whisky evening .	'he needed an injection in the neck .
Which of the following does this passage make you believe ? The fruit eat comes many places country .	'Orange trees are often planted near water .
What did Cerling 's team produce in their research ? A map showing regional differences tap water .	'A collection of hair samples from various barber shops .
Why is more and more land becoming desert according to this passage ? People make deserts .	'Earthquakes make deserts .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the article ? If sleep well night , unnecessary take power nap daytime .	'The best time to take a power nap is after lunch .
What is the special use of the latest CAT scanners ? It provides clear photos moving organs .	"'It can take 3-dimension pictures of inside organs .', ""It wo n't cause serious skin burns "
In the earthquake places , rats will become man 's best friends because they can find positions people alive trapped buildings	'take the place of man in rescue jobs
According to the passage , we can infer from the passage that thieves except Oliver	'Oliver was killed by a glass of gin - and - water
What information is NOT found in the text ? The director 's movies .	'Facts about the movie .
The problem the author had in parking their car was that five - dollar bill	"""they could n't pay for parking by check"
The writer failed to find Rose in the mid of 1960 's , because surroundings changed lot .	"'Rose left her homeland .', ""Rose would n't like to see her"
Alice decided to work in Boston because found good job	"""New York was too far from her mother 's village"
Which of the following gives the main idea of the passage ? Taking baths become popular world .	'Everybody inAmericatakes a daily bath .
According to the passage , by comparing the cups to the physical circumstances of people 's life , the teacher meant that people n't focus envy others ' physical circumstances	'should try different ways of life
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? E - cards help say sorry hurt thoughtful way .	"'The way we sending greetings to each other has never been changed .', ""People ca n't make their own greeting cards on the Internet ."
From the story we can infer that mail important countries	'not enough letters are sent all over the world
The way of arranging desks in classrooms in straight rows indicates that teachers play significant role classroom	'students can be easily prevented from cheating during tests
Which of the following is TRUE ? It 's hard see stars moving .	'Stars never move at all .
Which of the following is NOT true when this disaster happened ? A sudden storm started thunder lightning .	'Huge waves came upon the land 
Why do some people like traveling alone ? Because free see want see .	'Because they have different ways to travel .
The young lady who stayed with Mr. Robbins in the jewellery store was actually Mr. Robbins ' wife	"""Mr. Robbins ' sister"
Why did the new law make Mr. Alvarado excited ? Because request driver 's license .	'Because he became a legal immigrant of California .
Before the backpacker dropped some money in the woman 's cup , the tourists walked without giving money	"""did n't notice the woman"
What attitude does the editorial in the Southern Metropolis News hold towards the ban ? He raises storm objections ban .	'He thinks Chinashould not improve the content of domestic cartoons rather than the ban .
How tall is Wang Mei ? 1.7 metres tall .	'1.75 metres tall .
What did Stanley like doing after work each day ? Caring farmer 's horses .	'Wandering around the farm alone .
The purpose of this passage might be tell result research sleepy gene	'to tell us the importance of plenty of sleep
According to the passage , which following statement is RIGHT ? If person likes food , Provence wonderful place .	'Provence has green hills 
We can infer that lower class , milder water	'the higher the class is 
Which jobs do workers do ? They clean hive keep cool .	'They lay 2 
What are forgone opportunities ? Opportunities give better ones .	'Opportunities you forget in decision - making .
What can be inferred from the passage ? All cells body ca n't work well without stem cells	'Stem cells keep liver cells healthy and fresh .
The urchin asked Paul to stop his car in front of his house tell brother wish	'to show his neighbors the big car
What 's the best title of the passage ? How make Google safer kids .	'How to use Google to help kids find everything .
Which one is NOT right ? Paul knows sister 's name .	"""Michael ca n't speak ."
Which of the following is n't Confucius ' ideas ? Be strict others , kind	'All thinking but no study makes people lazy
"Why did the teacher give Mandela the name "" Nelson "" ? Because original name hard teacher pronounce ."	'Because Mandela respected Admiral Horatio Nelson Very much
. Processed foods are unhealthy because they    may lead obesity	"""destroy body 's cells"
Which of the following is true according to the text ? No exact time set visitors take return trip .	'At all time you are allowed to visit a farm or parks to see animals .
What do we know about Mary ? She likes helping others .	'She liked exercising outside before that day .
According to the passage , which of the following is friendly ? You 've got great personality .	'I am longing to make friends with an American .
"Why does the author say , "" What matters is not the choice you make , but rather the intention behind your choice . "" ? Because allows stay clear improve ."	'Because the choice you make is not important .
People tend to believe that someone 's feelings read facial expressions	"""someone 's body language has an effect on their feelings"
What do you think would most probably happen next ? The young archer set look old man 's master .	'The young archer died from the wound soon after .
We can learn from the passage that countries celebrate Mothers ' Day May	'Rhea is the mother of a king in ancient Greece
What is the main idea of this passage ? Elephants use sight smell detect danger .	"'Elephants attack people who wear red clothing .', ""Scientists are now able to control elephants ' emotions ."
What does inflation mean ? Money keeps losing value .	"""People 's money becomes more valuable"
Why does Li Lu live with her grandparents ? Because parents work big cities .	'Because she lives far from school .
Why did the tanner asked the moneylender to wait ? Because would n't sell house bottom heart	'he wanted to make some repairs to his house
Which of the following could be the best title for the passage ? June 's Decision	"""June 's Life"
Why did friends and families of students attend the Commencement Week ? They came watch ceremony ,	'They would perform at the Senior Talent Show .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Noah half states presidential campaign .	'Noah seems to have a very bright future because he supports Bush .
Andrew 's strange behavior   including all the following except knowing	'having no idea what the other students were talking about
Which of the following probably belongs to the action of the permissive parents ? Allowing kids stay late weekends kids like .	"""Beating the kids if the kids do n't follow their instructions ."
From the text we learn that green schools contribute environment students development	'treat and recycle water from sinks 
The writer 's purpose for writing Para . 4 is to show damage war	'present the dream of Rabia
To get an image of high quality , you need to face main light source	'be under the light source
What was the ' disaster ' ? Daniel fell got hurt .	'Daniel lost his way in the forest .
From the study we can know that men usually earn get married earlier	"""it 's a bad thing for a woman to get married later"
By describing herself as a mechanical pianist , the author showed     playing piano without thinking	'Pasha was showing off her skills
Edward Rodriguez said working at McDonald 's is like slave labour because he thought paid enough	'he worked too long hours like slaves
What is the best title of this passage ? Space Stations	'Exploring Space
The purpose of writing the passage is mainly to tell us economic recession big effect teens ' work , life study	"'teenagers are now having difficulty in deciding which colleges to apply for', ""teenagers do n't know much about the economic recession"
Which of the following is NOT true about amazon ? You ca n't stay website long 's busy .	'You can buy something quickly through it .
Which is the best title for the passage ? GM foods , health risk ?	'Harmful GM foods
Careful reading is an important kind of reading read directions using camera expensive	'when you review a lesson that you already know well
What can we infer from the passage ? The author thankful mother .	"""The author 's   mother felt sorry for Tiffany ."
What ' s the principle China honors in the common development with other countries ? Mutual respect mutual benefit .	'Peaceful development .
What is the main purpose of writing the passage ? To tell people Narcissus flowers came	'To tell people a sad love story
At last the young man changes seats Mr Black	"""does n't change seats with Mr Black"
Which of the following is the name of a play ? Blazing Saddles .	"""Important of Deciding Basic Goals of the Women 's Union ."
We can infer from the passage that safe use excretion produced bugs	'it is a very complex process for bugs to produce oil
The best title for this passage is Is Dog Blackie	'The Clever Dog Blackie
The chief reason that boys are seldom trained to follow their father 's occupation is children also like jobs outside	'that children nowadays rarely see their fathers at their place of work
What can Flossie do ? He raise students ' reading confidence .	'He can read books for the students .
If you are into how to build a house , you may go to Skyscraper Museum	'Bass Museum of Art
The passage is mainly about Balinese music touching Colin Mcphee	'two Balinese boys playing gangas
The French kids like all of the following except Japanese history	'American films
The best title for the passage is Non - Homework Policy	'Homework Is Necessary
Which of the following is NOT TRUE ? Payne could remember clearly happened .	'Payne wondered what the man was doing in his neighbourhood that night 
In which order will the Presidential1 coins come out ? Each President took office .	'Each President was born .
According to Craham Linehan . stuck period benefits lot	'he is forced to feel bored by the Internet
What can we learn from the passage ? People feel lonely certain situation .	"'There are only three types of loneliness in our life .', ""Loneliness does n't affect people much ."
The passage is mainly about takes leader	'how a leader is elected
Why should the holes in the wire fence be about one centimeter square ? Because waste rabbits drops holes .	'Because the holes let in sunlight .
Which of the following can best sum up the main idea of the passage ? A new software provides means reduce laptop theft .	'With no Retriever 
Lactoferrin and lysozyme in milk good babies ' health	'help provide more milk from cow
What happened at the end of the story ? Peter gave girl $ 300 reward .	"""The salesgirl became Peter 's friend ."
What 's the aim of the fair ? All .	'To support the Beijing Olympic Games .
Why does Nancy ask Sheila to open the door with her foot ? Because thinks Sheila carry lot presents hands .	'Because she thinks Sheila should bring her family members to her home .
In order not to be stolen , you are advised to keep valuables zipped bag .	'avoid traveling in a big group
Fishing is becoming more and more popular mainly because help people relax fullest	'it is a good way to harvest much fish from the rivers
With many dams built across rivers , fish will    face dangerous living habitat	'feed on more sediment rich in nutrients
Which of the following is NOT true ? Tests birth showed baby infected HIV .	'The doctor treated the baby with a three - drug mixture .
Male students do better at mathematics and science subjects because get encouragement	'they are born good at maths and science
"Equally important is to feel the language . "" to feel the language "" here means able experience rich sensation language"	'to get a knowledge of English by touching
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To advocate sustainable development .	'To introduce a new business model .
Mon Quotidien     gets 1,000,000 dollars every year .	'is a 10-year - old English newspaper
According to the text , which of the following is TRUE ? Joseph Meehan got help website supports .	'Jeff Lam is working on a new project to collect more audio diaries .
Which of the following is the author 's conclusion drawn at the end ? Either fathers mothers take care children .	'He is better than his wife at taking care of children .
What 's the passage mainly about ? The introduction Best High Schools three states .	'The different examinations in several high schools .
Which of the following is TRUE , according to the passage ? The boy thought people farm lived happy life .	'The boy was from a very poor family .
Which of the following is True according to the passage ? President Kennedy caused disaster American hat industry	"'Before the second World War ', ' skirts had dropped shorter to ankle length .', ""You ca n't dress however you like or do your hair the way you like today ."
What is the text mainly about ? Balinese culture .	'Balinese religion .
Mark Twain could n't make the old man laugh because old man deaf	"'his jokes were not funny', ""the old man was n't interested in the jokes"
What can be concluded from the passage ? The chances writer become successful small .	"'Real writers often find their works interesting and rewarding .', ""A writer 's success depends on luck rather than on effort ."
Which of the following about the class in America is TRUE ? One leave classroom without teacher 's agreement .	"'If one is late ', "" he / she ca n't enter the classroom without the teacher 's agreement ."
Which of the following topics is not mentioned in the passage . ' ? Watson 's worries .	"""Watson ' s interests ."
The passage is mainly about benefits listening music work	'how to choose music wisely
Modern tourism was born 1949	'in the early 17th century
What did the writer help Bret do ? She arranged tasks according levels urgency .	"""She bought some articles for Bret 's chemistry project .."
Many people ca n't remember their parents 's phone numbers because depend much smartphones	'they find it difficult to remember numbers
Working class children are thought to be at a disadvantage because many clever ones leave school early	'more than half leave school when they are 16
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? In Arab countries , men kiss one another cheek .	"'In Spain ', ' People usually have dinner very early .', 'In England ', "" It 's a not polite to talk about the weather ."
According to the poll , the time people spend viewing content on electronic devices a day differs from one ten hours	'one to three hours
Foulsham House    old house meets many new needs	'is a new house that meets many old needs
Which of the following is true of the girl ? She optimistic full courage .	'Her sister took good care of her .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The birds children made old man 's garden full life .	"""The old man 's garden was small but pretty ."
What can we know from the passage ? The writer thankful boss restaurant .	'The boss of the restaurant knew the writer before .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The idea small change bags came four boys .	'The passengers refused to put money in the bags .
"What else did Rose most probably say at the football banquet ? "" The people fear death regrets . """	"'"" When we are old "
"What is the correct attitude we should take towards "" Martian language "" according to the psychologist ? We help children understand difference hobby online standard language ."	'Parents should worry about losing control over their children .
What does Maurice Schweitzer want to show by giving the example of Enron ? Goals financial rewards strong motivational power .	'Businesses are less likely to succeed without setting realistic goals .
The main purpose of the text is to advise visitors buy London Pass	'tell visitors how to book the London Pass
Which of the following can cause people 's lack of sleep according to this passage ? Their burden illness drinking .	'Their incomplete sleep stages .
Which of the following positions requires work experience ? The chef Cutty Sark .	'The assistant in the fashion jewellery shop .
Which of the following is TRUE about the life in frontier America in the mid-1700s ? People could use spinning wheel .	"""People could n't make fire ."
"What do we know about""Avatar "" from this passage ? The story happens alien planet ."	'The story in it is a moving love story .
The writer 's father job office	'went out to send his children to school every day
Which is the best title of this passage ? To excuse others excuse	'Carry the smelly potatoes
What can we learn from the passage ? Katie 's secret lunch discovered writer .	'Katie was told that her parents had known her secret .
"The song "" Old MacDonald "" describes animals raised freely local farms"	'animals kept in tightly enclosed conditions
Which of the following is not caused by an aging society ? Unemployment	'The problem of the pension system
"The best title for the passage should be ""   Parrot Talk"	'Unusual Parrot
What can we conclude from the article ? Public transport made good use London Olympic games .	'The London Olympics cost less than the other Olympics ever held .
When Temple first caught the audience 's eyes , United States fact financial straits	'she hoped to play a role in a series of movies
Parents would feel guilty if realize weaknesses raising children	"""their children ca n't accept their own limitations of talent"
The text is mainly about youth Summit	'the China - U.S. relations
We can infer this passage was written to introduce good career interested wildlife	'encourage us to spend more time working outside
Word editors ' work is to read stories make necessary changes	'help the chief editor with the morning discussion
We know from the text that Dan Shaw great love horses	'heard about guide horses from a friend
The passage tells us kinds input receive greatest weight clear .	'ways of making good first impressions
The importance of reading depends on want read	"""what you 're going to read"
Up to now , doctors able tell whether person color - blind	'have found a way to prevent a person from getting color - blind
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Economical factors great importance international affairs .	'The event on Sept. 11 has slowed down the process of globalization .
The best title of the passage is Introduction New Oral Drug	'the Desired Characteristics of Drugs
If you plan to attend a class on campus , make appointment advance	'drop in on a class in your major
The author mainly intends to tell us_in theVrainSchool District . huge financial problem arisen .	'many schools are mismanaged
The card should be put in the machine slot right	'from the slot above the screen
What is the purpose of this text ? To discuss sugary drinks taxed .	'To ask kids to drink fewer sugary drinks .
We can learn from the passage that The missing - person case still long - lasting influence people	'People air the same view about the case on the Internet
The Association will talk with you if make much noise	'you let strange people in
Tap the Apple Store app on your iPhone , and you can reserve iPhone products pickup	'buy Apple products only
The author 's main purpose in including the character of the girl in this story is present boy different view house	'to offer the boy someone to talk with
We can guess from the story new type mobile phones sell well	'the new type of mobile phones is already on the market
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? That goes easy means angry .	'He is always helping others 
The main purpose of the text is to tell readers salt important people 's life	'how salt was found and got
Which of the following is TRUE ? If something wrong food fruit , stop eating .	'We may cross the road before a car stops .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Thousands spicy foods show Fiery Food BBQ Festival .	'The chief prize for the Stilton cheese rolling competition is beer or port wine .
From the passage , we learn that excessive fishing caused decrease fish stock	'most fish and sea animals live at the surface of the seas
In which parks can visitors see leopards ? Masai Mara National Park South Luangwa National Park .	'Serengeti National Park and Krunger National Park .
What can be the best title for the passage ? Jenny 's Antique	'A Story of Antiques
We can learn from the TV critics that Dickens ' stories originally intended newspaper readers	"""the popularity of Dickens ' books makes them suited to television"
The author writes the article to let people know great development journalism	'tell readers what newspapers and magazines are like in the future
In outer space , food can be stored for many years without going bad 's powdered	"""when it 's mixed with water"
The best way to work out the traffic problem in Los Angels might be building subway system	'cutting down the number of private cars
Who is Carl ? He 's Mrs Black 's son .	"""He 's Bill 's son ."
What can we learn from the passage ? When ant dies , tell others using certain chemical .	'Living ants can also be taken away when they are not moving .
We can infer from the passage that teacher liked author 's essay	"""the students do n't like the teacher"
What is the best title of the text ? Santa impersonators Christmas	'The coming Christmas
What is implied in the passage ? The research could help children suffer learning difficulties .	'Parents should take their children to school as early as possible .
Which of the following statement about Allie is true ? He attaches great importance school 's income .	'He is rich in experience about the bake sales at schoo1 .
How does the Apple Watch let wearers know there is a new message ? The watch taps wearer wrist .	'The watch beeps .
"What can we learn about small talk according to the text ? Unpleasant comments another person n't "" safe "" topic ."	'Small talk only happens between strangers .
What is the suitable title for the passage ? Sleeping less increases risk obesity	'The benefits of enough sleep for children
Which statement of the following is NOT TRUE about the research led by Boris Worm ? It lasted 1950   2003	'It was conducted by scientists from different countries
The information passed on by word of mouth is important because helps find best housing never advertised .	'it is better than that found through any other source
What 's the reason that adding low - calorie vegetable soup to the start of a meal can actually help to lose weight ? You feel full soon soup .	'You can absorb high calories from the soup .
.Scarthin Books is small	'a 24-hour bookstore
What can we know from the ads ? Attending Write Camp help improve writing .	'You may get a scholarship from Young Adult Writing Project .
Which of the following is Not True ? The doctor sure Jack could cured one day .	"'Jack is twelve years old .', ""Jack 's parents took Jack to the hospital immediately ."
For a child , what is the real meaning of Father 's Day according to this article ? Realizing father 's love daily life .	'Receiving a gift from his father .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Most American women want successful men .	'Some American women want to work side by side with men and get the same pay for the same work .
In the USA , people like to have hamburgers cold drinks	'fish and fries
The best title of this passage can be A reply space	'The manned space program
We can infer from the article that Alfred Nobel wanted something benefited mankind .	"'Alfred Nobel was called "" The Mad Scientist . """
Which of these jobs require shift work ? Laundry valet waiter .	'Car driver and pool attendant .
As the author was getting off the subway , he could n't decide whether take cheese bun floor front	'took a glimpse of all the passengers 
What do we know about this Monday morning 's meeting from the passage ? Martin led people express real thoughts meeting progressing .	'Martin made people say what they were thinking immediately the meeting began .
Which of the following is NOT the advantage of apprenticeship ? It allows apprentices earn wages journeymen .	'It saves lots of money for apprentices to learn the skills .
According to the article , the greater damage of earthquakes this year can be mainly caused by poor construction standards overcrowding	'the occurrence of larger earthquakes
A possible title for this passage could be IP Rights Our Attitudes	'Ways to Protect Your IP Rights
One year later , the stranger visited the farmer to see farm improved	'get his gold pieces back
It can be inferred from the article that British people enjoyed reading books much past	"""children do n't like reading because books are not attractive"
What is the main idea of the article ? To explain debate Christmas traditions .	'To introduce the history of two typical Christmas traditions .
How did Linda feel about Paul ? She fell love .	"""She did n't like him because he was rude ."
Which of the following is TRUE ? The workers supermarket friendly   .	"""You ca n't buy clothes in the supermarket ."
Why does Khan never go on camera ? He wants create relaxed learning atmosphere .	"""He 's too shy to show his face on camera ."
Which of these statements would the writer probably agree with ? Most Bollywood movies similar .	'It takes a lot of money to make a good movie .
Which of the following is WRONG ?      . Jack n't go Canada policeman .	"'Jack and Mary planned to go to Canada together .', ""A lot of policemen came to the front of Jack because of Mary 's shout ."
What can we infer from the passage ? Paparazzi famous people rely sometimes .	"'Paparazzi always take pictures when famous people are tired .', ""Stars hate paparazzi and do n't want to be followed ."
According to the text , which of the following is not true of St. George ? It largest population .	'It has the largest land area .
What 's the best title foe the passage ? Why Are Japanese Weak English	'The Japanese Like English
When you were a little baby , you spent time eating , playing crying	'made sounds to let people know that you wanted to eat
From the passage , we can conclude that Alec appears quite friendly to Rebecca largely because Rebecca looks ridiculous	'Rebecca is his distant relation
It can be inferred from the text that author benefited father deal adversity	"""the author 's father was more optimistic to stay at home"
The woman in the painting is wife businessman	"""Leonardo da Vinci 's wife"
Which of the following is NOT true about George W. Bush ? Young Bush lived family Texas 1948 1961 .	'He once studied at a university that his father and grandfather had also attended .
What can we infer from the passage ? Chow Yun - fat popular home abroad .	'Chow Yun - fat is proud of his success .
Para 3&4 seem to imply    that natural foods still popular today	'many married women began to work in the 1960s
What 's the new trend in archaeology right now according to Toivari - Viitala ? Examining everyday life work Valley Kings .	'Being interested in the tombs of kings .
Which two books are published by the same publisher ? Revolution The Things Brother Knows	'Ship Breaker and Finnikin of the Rock
From the passage we know that 'd better leave worries problems behind listen	'people spend less time reading than writing
It can be inferred from the passage that young mother n't job	'the young father felt so sorry to accept help
"Which of the following is NOT true about Jeffery Deaver ? Jeffery Deaver "" 00 "" agent Her Majesty 's secret service James Bond movie ."	'Jeffery Deaver was working as a lawyer while he wrote some novels about murderers and serial killers .
The Americans used the Navajo language in their coding system during the Second World War for the reason that unusual language successfully used codes	'the United States Marine Corps invented it then
According to the passage , Peter thinks rugby makes people enjoy sports better soccer	'rugby players pretend to be injured when they are not
Khurana 's final aim is to make poorest children 's lives better	"""put an end to the problem of children 's dropout"
In what way does the author say a true adventurer is different from a businessman ? He ready anything may meet .	'A true adventurer is romantic 
What 's the best title of this passage ? Echo Narcissus .	"""Echo 's sacrifice ."
Scientists are lately getting interested in the following except favoring eyesight hearing	'living a well - rounded virtual life
Which of the following can we know from the text ? It 's better children backpack pockets .	'Picking a backpack is very easy to do .
What suggestion does the author give the parents ? They ca n't n't want chidren	'They must watch TV with their children
We can know that new rule youths 18 drink alcohol	'shops can sell alcohol to a 16 years old youth .
Helen Keller was blind and deaf , but found way understand world	"""her mother and father did n't feel sad"
Which is not the reason why the author wants to be a teacher ? His teacher encourages excellent teacher .	'To be a teacher is his own dream .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Kevin take train New Town weekend .	'Aunt Ruby is sick because she looks after children every day .
What does Roosegaarde use his device for ? To make air clean	'To make smog .
Which of the following statements is true according to the text ? Some firms rent cars holiday seasons .	'70 % of the cars can be rented out on holiday .
The text mainly tells us that Ugg inventor happy trade dollars surfing	'Ugg inventor is unwilling to sell his rights
According to the passage , when a gentleman and his girlfriend had a meal at the restaurant , the meal would be paid by    gentleman	'both of the gentleman and the lady
What can we learn about the first experiment ? The first group try remember formation .	"""Sparrow 's team typed the information into a computer ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Every rainbow different colours different orders .	'A rainbow is like bow .
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? Crows show cleverness .	'Crows may understand analogies .
Steven Shea suggests prepared follow clocklike system	'when we eat 
What can not be inferred from the article ? The majority animals depend thoroughly upon genetic learning .	'Animal behave in particular ways as a result of both individual experience and genetic learning .
Which is RIGHT according to   the story ? The friends Sam 's wife eat fish .	"""Sam does n't like eating fish at all ."
What happened to Molly the first day she went to junior high school ? She could n't find place lunch .	"""She could n't find her new classroom ."
With the sample of the questions at the end of the article , the author intends to get teens find much texting affected use language	'get teens to attach more importance to grammar exams
The writer was not allowed to stay at the house because      cheated roommate house rented others	'the house owner was angry about her breaking the glass of the house .
What is the result of policy changes in European countries ? Even wealthy people must work longer live comfortably retirement .	'more people have to receive in - service training .
Eating sometimes begins with our eyes because taste experience influenced color	'red - colored food are 20 % sweeter than green food
Which of the following is True based on the whole passage   ? George Alexander Louis third heir British throne .	"'Prince Charles was the third heir to the British throne .', ""The announcement of the new loyal baby 's name is slow by royal standards ."
What can we know from the passage ? Locata enter lives cell phone , like GPS .	'Locata is as small as a cell phone .
According to the experiment , plants n't live passive life	'can feel pain when they are cut
Which of the following is true of Barry Levenson according to the text ? In way , shows much preference mustard .	'No spices but mustard can be found in his museum .
What is the main purpose of this passage ? To advise people use cars less often .	'To teach people how to use the buses .
What does the story aim to tell us ? Even dogs strong friendship .	"""Dog is man 's best friend ."
Which of the following statements is False ? It seems least eight US soldiers killed two different incidents .	'It seems that this passage tells us at least eight US soldiers were killed .
A dividend is the stockholder 's share of the company 's profits	"""company 's savings"
What does Dr Halsey intend to tell us in this passage ? It natural working parents afford time reconnect kids .	'It is not necessary for parents to spend too much time with their children .
What does the author think of Nanfang University of Science and Technology ? Its independence government may benefit education reform .	"""It 's impossible for the school to be competitive ."
When sound is turned into noise , kind pollution people	'people grow worse and worse
In the passage , the author intends to recommend original versions classics	'tell us how to read an English book from beginning to end
It is the right time to make small talk when nothing important going break meeting	"""the other person does n't want to start a conversation"
Which of the following is WRONG ? Sally 's teacher feels frustrated .	'Sally feels very tired after she finishes her homework .
The fact that the Eskimos do n't suffer colds shows that idea cold leads colds n't stand	'colds are really full of myths
From the text , we can know that the TV from Panasonic offers personalized experience	'is bigger than the others
There is the possibility that setting maximum rent may cause shortage apartments	'worry those who rent apartments as homes
Why must David 's tooth be pulled out ? The tooth serious .	'The tooth wanted to come out .
The main idea of this passage is about ways finding job	'how to find experts
What is the best title for this passage ? How Give Special Gifts	'How to make Yourself Special
What was the author 's reaction when he was told to play a solo in the concert ? He n't believe could make .	'He believed that he could play it wonderfully .
"Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The "" Yuanfang - style "" suggests power network spread quite vast ."	'The dialogues between Di Renjie and Yuanfang help understand the network buzzwords .
Which question CANNOT be answered in the passage ? Why human listen like earthworms ?	'How do earthworms help with gardeners ?
Which of following is TRUE ? Even use - dates pass , food still safe eat .	"'Most customers understand what use - by date mean .', ""Biscuits ca n't be eaten when not as crunchy as they were bought ."
Which of the following is true ? The climate system deep impact human health .	'Weatherrelated disasters caused over 3.5 million deaths .
Which of the following is TRUE ? There radio - announcing jobs writer 's hometown .	"""The writer 's parents did n't want him to be a sports announcer ."
We can learn from this passage writer came cafe first time	'the old man made a living by telling jokes in the cafe
The writer mentions Easter at the beginning of the passage in order to introduce issue bunnies	'show the importance of Easter Day
What is the passage mainly about ? Spending money wisely college	'The cost of a college education
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? People give old culture new place .	'People should teach their new friends their culture .
Mirna Hazim called her brother one night when car broke unknown place	'she wanted to find out the importance of a cell phone
According to the passage , which of the following about the second Sunday in May is not true ? It day people visit cemetery	'It is a day to show love to mothers
What is the purpose of writing this article ? To inform us research finding	'To sell products packed in red
What do we know about placards ? They help disabled people park cars .	'They are all used by disabled people .
What do we know from the passage ? Smoking situation still serious across world .	'Smoking has strictly been forbidden in cafes in France .
"The best title for this passage is ""   How newspaper produced"	'How newspapers are delivered
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Different people like different things	'People all like the same things .
We can learn from the passage that street art drawing attention	'street art is good for the environment
According to the text , how many friends do the majority of people probably have ? 30 friends fewer certain stage .	'Over 400 friends in their whole lives .
Which of the following is true ? The earth much bigger moon .	'The moon is bigger than the earth .
To gain a deep appreciation of the art works in the Museum , school groups are advised to     Tour around guided experienced museum stuff member	'Keep continuous contact with the information center of the museum
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Chen found cave quite accident .	"""All of Chen 's children are studying in the university ."
"The best title may be "" Dogs behave like masters ."	'Dogs are interesting animals .
According to the passage , nowadays robots ca n't examine wreckage nuclear accident	'be sent on a mission to explore on the Mars
What do we learn about the Russians regarding sleep ? They get less sleep public holidays	"""They do n't sleep much on weekends ."
What 's the best title for the passage ? Carnivals around World	'Ways of Carnival
Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother is mainly about Amy Chun 's experience parenting	'how to teach children to learn music
What can we know from the research ? Shy fish losing fights grow confident exploring new food .	'Bold losing fish become -- e bolder when presented With a novel food item .
How does the LongPen work ? It signs book receiving author 's signature .	"""It copies the author 's signature and prints it on a book ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? The teacher good way making lesson clear easy understood .	'You could become heavier and heavier if you held a glass of water in your hand .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Leo thinks Lisa 's drawings good .	"""Lisa 's horse likes to eat carrots ."
Which is NOT the reason why some people want to give birth to a second child in Hong Kong ? They want cause calls amendment Hong Kong 's Basic Law .	'They want to gain right of abode there for their babies .
According to the passage , Houdini 's success imprison escape depends on unusual ability skeleton key	'his magic tricks and inhuman powers
What 's the right relation between SWISS , Lufthansa and Austrian Airlines ? Austrian Airlines part SWISS .	'SWISS is the customer of the Lufthansa Group Airlines
Why do n't they have watches ? Because ca n't look things well .	"""Because they do n't need watches ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the article ? The author thinks many Americans eat healthily .	"""It 's easier to put on weight in the US than in other countries ."
We can learn from the text that complaining harmful lives	"""nobody paid attention to Bowen 's idea"
According to the text , more carowners will participate in the service , if legal ambiguity clarified states	'renters are warned not to violate traffic rules
Which of the following is the principal topic of the passage ? When poverty , employment , earnings figures agree .	'What causes labor market problems that result in suffering .
What 's the writer 's purpose in this text ? To introduce Mollie Hunter 's work wider audience .	"""To share her enjoyment of Mollie Hunter 's books ."
The passage shows Mr. Pontellier is happiest when he away home leave home	'sits near the open door smoking a cigar and talking
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Pend Liyuan willing fight AIDS become ambassador WHO .	"'Peng firstly appears in the pubic as the "" First Lady "" in Moscow ."
What is the main idea of the passage ? Animals man 's good friends .	"""Pets are lovely and need n't care and protection ."
We can conclude that Frankenstein 's monster created using different body parts	'Dracula is the only monster who first appeared in a book
According to Elon Musk , the trip to Mars is significant because settlement Mars could save human race extinction	'Earth is not the only planet that is suitable for human beings
Michelle advises the girl to stick attitude towards mother	'try talking to her mother
Whom do the students want to thank ? All .	'Sunshine Advertisement Company for the posters .
In this passage , the writer wants to tell us tips living long healthy life .	'the importance of living a long and healthy life .
What can we conclude from the passage ? .Most railroad staff New York know courtesy minute .	'The courtesy minute exists in many cities in the US .
According to the reading , which sentence is TRUE ? There ten big groups books system .	"""The number on a book ca n't be bigger than 900 ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? The man n't allow Todd swing another five minutes .	"'The man felt guilty   about not to spending much time with Tommy .', ""The man 's older son Tommy had been dead for about a year ."
What is the problem in the Health Service ? Money enough employ medical workers .	'There are not enough well - treated doctors .
What is the best title for this text ? Dreaming Makes Perfect	'Dreams Are Strange
Mothers ' voice over the phone can reduce children 's nerves according to the study , because mothers ' voice promote release love hormone	"""children can imagine their mothers ' hugs on the line"
What did Leland Stanford make a bet with his friend about ? Whether horse 's hooves left ground time running .	'Whose horse ran faster .
Which of the following is NOT true ? . There three people Putin 's family .	'Putin is good at judo .
59 . The story is about man first made jeans	'where cloth came from
What can we learn from Dr. Gelernter and his colleagues ' research ? There link gene alcoholism .	'There may be a genetic basis for alcoholism .
The main idea of the passage is that coffee likely prevent diabetes	'old people may develop diabetes
What can be known from the text ? Only mandrills Colchester Zoo use gesture .	'Milly invented the gesture when she was 15 .
The author wrote the passage to call people learn brave university students	'warn people of the danger of skating on ice
Which statement is not included in the passage ? All left - handers proud .	'There are many famous left - handed artists 
Joe Wong is used as an example to show cultural differences humor	'prove that it can be difficult to translate jokes
What does the author mainly want to tell us in this passage ? How people improve self - esteem .	'Self - esteem plays an important role in life .
Which is the best title of the passage ? Floods Hit Ancient Town Fenghuang	'The Famous Ancient Town of Fenghuang
Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a source to obtain textbooks ? Second - hand bookstore centres .	'College bookstores .
Jeanne Calment owes her good health and long life to good genes parents , healthy diet exercises	'smoking only a little every day
Which of the following is TRUE according to this article ? The immune system brain system used considered separated isolated system .	'The help to the immune system that is brought about by playing bridge can last for long time .
Which of the following is not the benefit of being a good listener ? Allow leader put ideas practice easily .	"'Offer a chance for group members to express themselves freely', ""Make it possible to deal with group members ' complaints ."
You may have a good memory and learn better if you good sleep	'eat breakfast every morning
You should pay more money Magic Kingdom Club Gold Card holder	"""if you have a five - dayAll - in - OneHopperPasswhile you 're visiting for four days"
Why can fish swim in the water ? Mr. Green 's answer was fish ca n't walk land	"""fish ca n't swim on land"
The main purpose of this passage is to call people help need help	'explain the meaning and benefit of volunteering work
Why is Beijing No . 105 Middle School mentioned in the passage ? To give example showing mental problems dealt .	'To provide the students with counseling sessions .
What do we know about the exhibit in the passage ? It includes famous buildings world .	'It aims to teach children to build their buildings .
What 's the main purpose of the passage ? To attract people camps .	'To describe the programs of the camps .
What is the passage mainly about ? Warner Brothers ' expanded partnership Harry Potter author .	"""Warner Brothers ' success and development in Harry Potter series ."
According to the passage , obesity is directly linked to sugar - sweetened soft drinks	'high - salt foods
The author 's purpose in writing this passage is to get people buy magazines	'introduce four popular magazines to readers
What does the author try to tell us ? We kind others , regardless behavior .	'We must keep a good relationship with our neighbors .
Why it is said that the Mayan people lived a better life than most people of that time ? They studied nature world around .	'They believed in many gods 
Why the Charlotte , N.C. , man was charged ? Because caused old woman 's terror died .	'Because he threatened the policemen to kill an old woman .
McDermott would most probably agree that Chinese Japanese different music preferences	"""people 's music preference is a universal phenomenon"
The reasons why some people start and keep dieting DON'T include They alcoholic parent .	"'They think their trouble comes from their weight .', ""Other people 's praise when they lose some weight ."
What does the bookA View from the Zootalk about ? A new - born giraffe 's first lesson .	"""A mother giraffe 's story ."
Judging from the test , which of the following is true ? The test result offers new means understand variability brain function individuals .	'All old bees began flying toward the former nest site .
Which is the advantage of the chocolate printer ? The user build shape like via computer instructions .	"'It is easilyavailable ', ' low cost and harmless .', ""It mainly produces children 's favourite toys ."
What can we learn from the text ? Electric currents decide movements maglev train .	'A magnet - filled guiding way is formed inside a maglev train .
Why are numbers used when we pick a safe password ? The safe password unlikely guessed .	'Using numbers are cool online .
The father remembered the love of his daughter by taking imaginary kiss box	'kissing the gold box
Before the time of the newspaper ,     news passed one person another	'bad news traveled quickly and good news slowly
What should you do first before you bring a cat home ? Buy cat house cat furniture .	'Find a proper place for the cat to sleep .
What can we know from Isaak Babel 's comment ? The book helps readers make sense history .	'The novel has a great distinction in the world .
The passage tries to tell us that handwriting great importance	"'keyboards are more popular than handwriting', ""we should n't judge people by their handwriting"
According to the passage , in India if something is expensive but useless , it can be called white elephant	'a white flag
The best title of the passage should be Chinese government confident controlling price rise	'More efforts on controlling price rise
According to the passage , the submarine dive depth 4,500 meters	'will download data of the black boxes
What would be the best title for this passage ? Google 's Privacy Policy Changed	"""A Threat to Users ' Privacy"
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? More half teenagers US UK Internet access .	'Teenagers pay for goods online with their own credit cards .
What can be learned from Jerome Valcke ? He appreciates Brazilian music .	'He released the song 
The purpose of George Spilich 's experiments is test whether smoking positive effect mental capacity smokers	"""to show how smoking damages people 's mental capacity"
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? It 's polite dye hair everyone	"""Do n't copy others ' work in an exam"
Which of the following is true ? Not buyers know materials buying .	'A fur coat with a high price often carries a false label .
Ellen lived in a kind of hut for three years trying get financial support race	'because she was ambitious for the coming race
We learn from the text that the young men joining the gold rush faced threat wild animals	'knew Alaska well before they set off
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Earthquake - caused tsunami resulted hundreds deaths disastrous damage .	'In all 
Which of the following statements does Andy Warhol probably agree to ? Doing something every day .	'Doing something almost every day .
Why did few animals at Yala die when the tsunamis that caused a huge number of human deaths hit ? Because animals might picked danger signals ran away .	'Because human beings can not hear the infrasonic sound .
Keith shouts at T.J.because He tired riddles told T.J	"""he does n't like T.J"
According to the passage , what do we know about cultural relativism ? It relates artistic values local conditions .	'It explains the history of artistic works .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Right - handed people work best right side bodies	'Left - handed people are better at speaking
Which of the following statements would the author most probably agree with ? High schools require community service hours .	"'Every student should help the old in community service .', ""High schools should n't force students to volunteer ."
What can be a suitable title for the text ? Micro - homes -- More Than Tiny !	'Is Your House Tiny Enough ?
It can be inferred from the passage that Holiday      . famous voice way singing	'had the greatest range of voice
The purpose of this article is to introduce kind orange glasses may help people sleep better	'advertise a brand of orange - colored glasses which can block blue light
When you find some new words in reading , you 'd better not stop look dictionary	'go on reading if they are not important
What can be the best title for this passage ? The world 's oldest message floating bottle	'The finding of a floating bottle at the sea
From Paul Marshall 's words , we can infer that Lovci deserved award .	'Lovci should have helped them in the tour
Lin Lina plans to send her daughter to Australia because learned environment education Australia good	"'her daughter has travelled to Australia before', ""she ca n't afford to send her daughter to other countries"
What is the main reason for a new round of popularity in China ? It You Who Came From The Star .	'The dramas are from the neighboring country North Korea .
"By saying "" The Salt Lake City Public Library is sold on the idea "" , the writer means the library accepts idea put forward ITA"	'uses dogs to attract children
According to the latest study , we know that the older dads are likely to grandchildren longer telomeres	'have children with autism
Which of the following statements about country music is TRUE according to the passage ? Country music comes South American songs .	'Country music was created by immigrants from England .
The text is written mainly tell readers raise rabbits	'to explain why rabbits are clean and quiet
What would be the best title for the passage ? Three Wishes Alexander	'The Death of Alexander .
Mary Jane Cera believes that learning develop creativity	'homework should be done at home
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Different opinions ways parenting .	'The best way to discipline children .
From the passage we can see Kewen Lichadson trusted animals human beings	'trusted human beings more than animals
What can be a suitable title for the passage ? Hugs Having Healing Power	'When Do We Need A Hug ?
Which of the following is TRUE about piracy ? Back mid-20th century pirates appear harmful today 's .	'It was recorded that pirates started to attack ships in Somalia in the 13th century .
With which of the following subjects is the passage mainly concerned ? The effect mass transportation urban expansion .	'Instability of urban life .
Why did so many people flood to California in 1848 ? Because wanted get rich looking gold .	'Because the mountains in California were a great place for travel .
What sort of underground systems are already in place ? Tunnels , car parks , shopping areas .	'Gardens 
The purpose of writing this passage is to introduce benefits going camp	'give advice on how to choose a suitable camp
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? The hero ship	'The rope to save people
Which of the following statements about microwave heaters would Buffler most probably agree with ? Perhaps microwave heaters first used livestock farmers , wish protect lambs winter .	'Microwave heaters will soon be widely used by homeowners .
The plants sent out signals Backster destroyed plants living things	'only when Backster Started to destroy plants
"What did the author indicate by quoting "" America 's No.1 Health Problem . "" ( Para . 1 ) ? He meant introduce topic stress"	'He wanted to talk about health problems in America .
How does the computer system describe the characters in its story ? Characters story given different numerical values .	'Characters are developed according to the tension preset .
"For what purpose does the author use the example""Hold Back the Dawn "" ? To show Wilder 's different directing style ."	"""To explain it 's a most successful film ."
"Sam asked John to "" break a leg "" in order to let John get away war"	'know how much John loved her
Now you are high up in the sky . If you want the balloon go down , you will     make air inside balloon cooler	'make a hole in the balloon with a knife
Choose the best title for this passage . The power nature	'Wind 
"When I first heard "" You do n't say ! "" I thought Englishman interested English studies"	'the Englishman was only interested in the Great Wall
Usually English people do n't shake hands meet say goodbye	'when they will be away for a long time
According to the experts , human willpower weakened stressful cognitive emotional tasks	'can be exercised through muscle movement
Teachers are different in their opinions about role spelling general language development	'the difficulties in teaching spelling
What is the main idea of the passage ? Our life governed law time .	'How to organize time is not worth debating .
On the whole , this passage is mainly about art museum called Louvre	'an Italian artist named Leonardo da Vinci
Which book would you read if you want to know about gravity ? The Time Space Uncle Albert	"'The Mysterious Universe', ""George 's Secret Key to the Universe"
The e - schoolbag is much lighter usual schoolbag	'as heavy as a usual schoolbag
What can we infer from the passage ? The tradition sending presents pass generation generation .	"'The children were eager to get their new toys ignoring the envelope .', 'With the presents ', ' the poor kids will surely win the match one day .', ""Mike 's spirit "
Why did the court force Isaac Singer to pay Elias Howe a lifetime of royalties ? Because Howe already patented lockstitch used Singer .	'Because the judge was against Singer for his unfriendly attitude .
The intelligence scores can be used in the following way EXCEPT selecting pupils public secondary schools	'telling in advance the degree of academic success
Most Americans 1ike home - cooked meals	"""do n't like cooking"
In the author 's opinion , success habit easy keep	'success is hard to keep
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? The writer realized write wife regularly .	'The writer had been in the US Marine Corps for nearly two years .
People live on    low high	'high and salty
What is the passage mainly about ? A popular toy -- Teddy Bear .	'History of the Teddy Bear .
Which of the following is true of Anthony ? He places emphasis characters ' behavior stories .	"'Although he is successful ', "" he is n't very happy ."
Some people have failed in beekeeping businesses because many bees disappeared reason	'the climates were too warm to raise bees last fall
Which of the following is true about American Gothic ? It show Art Institute Chicago 1930 .	'The two characters in it posed before the White House .
What 's the main purpose of this passage ? To ask people work together school bullying .	'To introduce the ways to stop school bullying .
New rules for pubs and clubs will be introduced in Britain to ban heavy drinking because drinking country costs much	'drinking competitions are very crazy
It 's better to buy wine famous vineyards	'five - year - old Pinot Grigio
What is the possible benefit of reading classic works according to the study ? It inspires regular readers think box .	'It helps readers learn more difficult grammar .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The young man earned living skills learnt young .	'Old Mr. Smith enjoyed making the shoe tacks .
What can we infer from the passage ? A touch anxiety positive effect .	'Those who have prepared poorly for a test cause test anxiety easily .
The advice given by the writer in the passage focuses on make house safe burglars	'what to do when your house is broken into
What is the title of the passage ? English development	'Why more people speak English
With a Chicago Transit Authority card senior citizens pay half fare bus ride	'men of authority   can ride on a bus for half fare
When people move to a new country , they get used new life certain difficulty .	'find their new life always wonderful and exciting .
Why were some people killed by Death Valley ? Because extremely hot summer dangerously cold winter .	"""Because they did n't respect Death Valley and thus they were punished ."
Which of the following information is True according to the text ? GWANGJU South Korean city history 2,000 years .	'The 5th China - Japan - South Korea Ministerial Conference on Culture was held on Sunday .
What did the writer use to think of his father ? He n't think father loved .	'He thought his father felt sad .
What has contributed to the rapid economic growth in China and India ? Free market plus government intervention .	'Timely reform of government at all levels .
The author used the Tate Modern example to demonstrate that small talk help us feel connected surroundings	'unserious conversation could promote bonding
As suggested by the passage , what might happen in the end ? More strangers would hear old man 's story .	"""The writer refused to pay the old man 's bill ."
What do you think of the sign written by the man ? It meaning first sign expressed another better way .	"'It has the different meaning to the first sign', ""The man 's sign tells people it is a beautiful day ."
From the passage we can draw a conclusion that if we want to keep healthy , we should eat properly	'only eat an apple a day
If you want to check in to a hotel at three o'clock in the morning you can stay at Aava Whistler Hotel	'Best Western Cairn Croft Hotel
Why was the butcher surprised when he saw the dog ? Because dog supposed come shop alone .	"""Because there was a note in the dog 's mouth ."
What 's the main idea of this article ? What done done rescue people disaster .	'Tell the stories about the snow storm in the southern part of China
According to the author , how can we make exercise more interesting ? By taking varied exercise .	'By choosing simple exercise .
What point does the writer make about decorating objects ? It something people always done .	'It can show the object has a range of functions .
In England , it is very interesting to sit second floor big bus see beautiful city	'cross the streets
Which is NOT the purpose of holding the Festival of Muslim Cultures ? To try change beliefs various religions .	"""To promote people 's respect for Muslim cultures ."
It can be inferred from the passage that Londoners happy see wild animals return city	'Londoners are putting more and more wild animals into their zoos .
How does the good wolf do things in the story ? He tries get well others .	'It is hard for him to live with other wolves .
Which of the following food has the enzyme ? Uncooked seaweed .	'Restaurant sushi .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Carbon monoxide stops blood carrying oxygen body tissues .	'Carbon monoxide poisoning seldom happens in cold areas .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? One night writer forgot lock front door .	'The writer remembered to lock the door .
What 's the best title for the passage ? New York plans ban sale big sizes sugary drinks .	'Sugar drinks are related to rise in obesity .
The author used Viestures ' words in Paragraph 6 to support a view that mountains regarded living creatures	'mountain climbing is a dangerous sport
What 's the best title for the text ?     The drone helps save rhinos South Africa	'How to make the drone work well
What is the disadvantage of scolding the cheating students according to the passage ? They may hurt mentally .	'They may continue to cheat next time .
What can we learn from this passage ? The man become friendly .	'The dog has been trained very well .
Which of the following is TRUE , according to the passage ? Han Han 's blog popular Internet .	'Three Folded Gates was only sold in China .
According to the text , 3-D technology     history nearly 200 years .	'will soon change the way we watch TV .
Which of the following is TRUE ? There radio announcer jobs writer 's hometown .	"""The writer 's parents did n't want him to be a sports announcer ."
Which is n't a good way to learn English ? Sitting bedroom remember words	'Listening to English songs
We can infer from the text handicapped children school poor families .	'the students are of the same age in the Lhasa Special Education School .
The writer most probably created the character , Dr Watson , to get readers see mystery step step	"'give Holmes help when solving mysteries', ""show Holmes ' careful observation"
According to the passage , dairies are increasing use plastic bottles	'experimenting with the use of paper bottles
What is the key reason that Liu Qian decided to make magic his career ? He could n't find decent job graduation .	'He was good at magic when he was young .
What does the news report mainly about ? The new outbreak H7N9 bird flu	'How many people died of H7N9 bird flu
"The author implies that "" seeing in stereo "" ability humans fortunate"	'is similar to the way cameras work
Why did the writer give the example of the earthquake that happened in Haiti ? To show people 's living vulnerable buildings cause people die earthquake	'To show Port - au - Prince is too crowded .
According to the author , GONE WITH THE WIND is best seller	'read more often than Don Quixote
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? The James Bond film popular age feminism .	'The first James Bond film was produced in 1963 .
Several hundred people give money to the zoo to help Brocky because food expensive one person afford	"""people do n't want to spend too much money on Brocky"
The author seems to support the idea that specific reasons friendship	'friendships are a matter of calculable gain or loss
Which of the following is NOT a reason that wildlife is returning to the cities ? Wildlife appreciated cities .	'Food is plentiful in the cities .
We learn from the passage that grass Sydney parks moved bridge	'the giant picnic is organized in a park in Sydney
What 's the best title of this passage ? Why people travel	'Why people have more income
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Quite students discouraged music art today 's school system .	"""The sufficiency of the classes determines students ' performance in the mastery test"
What 's the use of the mall 's directory ? It shows places mall .	'It shows you the best and cheapest goods of the mall
Mr Brown 's daughter thinks something wrong	'he wants to go home
Which is NOT true ? The tutor get $ 260 , teaches kid two weekends .	'The kid is not good at English .
Why do many people believe angels can fly ? Angels wings take messages heaven therefore fly .	'Angels are real human beings .
According to the passage , to keep your baby safe , you should do the following things EXCEPT leaving baby alone pet first day meet	'introducing your baby to your pet with care
With the Starbucks(r)App , you can view current offers	'earn a Star
Bookcrossers are the people who release books public places purpose	'have lots of books
Which of the following is NOT true ? Tigers like hunt food small groups .	'Tigers usually go out to look for food at night .
What is the text mainly about ? Human navigational skills	"""The compass in rats ' body"
What did the soldier do in response to the author 's father 's kindness ? He said thanks author 's dad person .	"""He gave something to author 's dad ."
What can be inferred from the passage ? There less forty million elephants living earth .	'A storm cloud weighs about 200
Which of the following is a reason why women have a larger share of jobs ? The economic recession affected men women .	'Women workers are paid less than men .
When communicating with their children , what are parents advised to do ? To use tone voice match children 's feelings .	'To hide their feelings with different tones of voice .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The hut village Valley Kings .	'The excavation of the tombs in the Valley .
What 's the main idea of the text ? A rare butterfly appeared Britain .	'Butterflies are quite rare in Britain .
What happened to the plane ? It flying high altitude going missing .	'It exploded 11 km northeast of its last known position .
Which of the following statements is TRUE about the meteor that fell to the Earth in Russia ? It fell Earth caused great damage local community .	"'It passed by the Earth at a close distance .', ""It was spotted by NASA 's telescope system a year ago ."
Which statement about the movies is true ? Brave princess obeys   heart .	'Mirror Mirror is directed by Lily Collins and Julia Roberts .
The bird catcher came back to the tortoise because he wanted to get tortoise	'sell the tortoise
When the author mentions the Indian fakir , he shows that people learn cope pain	'Indians are not afraid of pain
Which of the following is NOT true ? Take - offs safer non - stop flights landings .	'Larger planes have more safety checks and are safer in an accident .
Pick out the true statements according to the passage . The drawings Wherever You Are convey love pictures involving animals .	"""The words alone makes Tillman 's books the writer 's favorite ."
This passage is about plan travel	'how to travel with enough money
In this article , the writer mainly wants to teach us importance great generosity politeness others .	'show how hard it was to find a job during the financial crisis at that time
What can we learn about Dr. Linda Henkel 's study ? People photographed objects worse recognizing .	'The memory of participants was tested the following week .
What Bae has experienced tells us that ca n't express well American students .	'he prefers to stay home rather than meet Americans
What do we know about Meryl ? She enjoyed musical Mamma Mial greatly .	'Her first film was Kramer vs. Kramer .
What is not talked about in the passage ? The materials sport shoes .	'The design for a shoe model .
What the early childhood teacher said suggests that used believe expect much disabled people	"'disabled people should be realistic about their dreams', ""she had n't given the 4year old with Down Syndrome enough attention"
The author holds the belief that ca n't achieve anything life without self - discipline	'only great men need self - discipline
If you want to add your own work to what you visit , you may choose World 's Largest Ball Paint	'The Museum of Dirt
How could the researchers find that the dogs understood the woman 's intention ? By reading eye movements .	'By speaking to them directly .
Traditional businessmen feel upset because growing online sales cut share market	'consumers can get a better selection by shopping online
What do we know about Momotaro in the passage ? Monotaro really lazy boy .	"'Momotaro has a peach as his bed .', ""Momotaro was very small and he could n't eat much ."
The author wrote the passage to express idea baseball America 's number one sport	"""persuade people to support baseball as America 's number one sport"
Which of the following is TRUE ? Laura often works long time every day .	"'Laura is very heavy because of her job .', ""Laura does n't love her job because it is hard ."
Which of the following is true ? The Prior angry thought painter work hard .	"'The painter took one of the monks as a model for Christ .', 'The painter took one of the monks as a model for Judas .', ""The painter was pleased with the Prior 's anger ."
Many teenagers own the pictures of some football stars because A , B C	'they are interested in football
From the short passage we can infer that All high school hold activities students every year , like homecoming .	'American parents usually buy cars as graduation presents for their children .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Go bed right take hot bath .	'The time to take exercise is important .
According to James Brown , which of the following types of person is more likely to be pickpocketed ? People absent - minded .	'People who are walking slowly .
We can learn from the text that 700 workers surveyed shared secret co - worker	"""workers over 55 do n't like to attend happy hours at all"
From the passage , we can learn that the author    felt helpless mother 's surprise trips	'got pretty excited about the road trip
The purpose of the article is to tell people new discovery	'advise people to eat more fruit and vegetables
What do many African - Americans write about in their blogs ? What Michelle wife mother White House .	'Whether Michelle can live up to the high expectations of her fans .
The Morning Challenge campaign is aimed at reducing carbon dioxide emission home	"""improving Japanese citizens ' lifestyle"
What is the writer 's opinion ? If n't want get things wrong , 's important good listener ,	"'If you want to be a good listener ', ' you should be very clever and emotional .', ""Speakers wo n't continue talking when their listeners explain what they 've heard ."
The author experienced all the following EXCEPT asking scholars advice sleeping habits	'going to bed after midnight
Which statement is true according to the passage ? Joey came Albert 's care Ted paid lot money .	"'War Horse is based on the same - titled novel by Steven Spielberg .', ""Joey is a heroic character because he saved many people 's lives ."
What is the purpose of starting Kids Cafe ? To provide poor children nutritious food .	'To raise money for some poor children .
What is the main idea of the story ? PlayPump great invention world .	'PlayPump can bring people together .
Why do n't nurses study for as many years as doctors ? They n't treat patients illness injury .	'Most nurses work long days .
People say that     Prince George fell love KItty Wake Foulsham House	"""Smithson built the house for Lord Foulsham 's wild parties"
"The word "" photo""is an example to show that    sometimes new words shorter forms older words"	'the English language is always changing very fast .
We can infer from the passage that people 's eating habit much effect family	'most rich people have meals with their family
What kind of dogs are likely to suffer from nasal cancer ? Long - nosed dogs	'Short - nosed dogs
According to the writer , people many countries like fast food	'fast food is not at all popular in North America
What 's the best title of the passage ? Whether celebrate Christmas Day	'Christmas Day is popular for young people
The writer tells this story to show even small help great	'how brave the bird is
"Which of the following can help you enjoy sailing a boat ? Visit 15 
 thStreet Boat Company ."	'Go to the Sea Gardens Beach Resort .
Mr. Black who owns two buildings is interested in the green roofing system probably because save spending lot money energy	'it produces more energy to power the buildings
Why did the nobleman take the farmer 's son and give him a good education ? The nobleman wanted pay back farmer saving son .	"'The nobleman wanted to bring him up to be a man like his father .', ""The farmer was too poor to afford his son 's education ."
If you want to be a postman , it 's necessary for you to have driver 's license	'working experience
The passage is written to offer readers information Charles Dickens Museum .	'inform readers about the history of the Charles Dickens Museum .
Why did U.S officials not agree to make effort to reduce greenhouse gases ? Because fear would affect U.S economy .	"'Because the greenhouse gases they emitted are not so harmful .', ""Because they should n't be responsible for global warming ."
What suggestion does the writer give about walking ? Starters push hard .	'Parks are the best place for walking .
What can we know from the school principal 's phone call ? Birthday parties usually allowed school .	'The principal was angry with Lisa and her friends .
One day Sally was sad because could n't see grandmother	'her mother told her a sad story
What puzzled Fern at the beginning ? What father would ax .	'Why her father refused to eat breakfast .
"Which of the following is NOT the reason why the writer favors "" minimalism "" in life ? It helps realize true life ."	'It takes the burden off her while she is moving .
Which of the following is true about the study and its findings ? The participants tell reasons judgments .	'EI has something to do with telling truths and 1ies .
It can be inferred from the text that long work hours , hard British parents balance life work	'more and more families in Britain are breaking up because they are having fewer children
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? The expensive Christmas tree ever	'Christmas coming in extravagant fashion
From the first part , we can learn that Marilyn M.Arnold knows children 's education	'has got a degree of Science in Elementary Education
The pupil Premium and the free school meal scheme are mentioned in order to show many efforts made provide good free meal	"'every child should get access to a nutritious meal', ""breakfast clubs play a key role in children 's growth"
According to the passage , China 's food industry has a problem of faking and cheating because punishment unscrupulous businessmen n't serious enough	'there are still so many poor people at the present time
Which of the following aspects of study does n't require face - to - face interaction between teachers and students ? Providing answers clear - cut questions .	'Tackling the needs of an individual student .
The best title of this text might be Home - schooling : A Growing Trend	'Home - schooling : A Better Choice
The text is mainly about new Christmas special	'a Christmas tradition in America
What is special about Lake Van ? Its water high salt .	'It is a volcanic lake .
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Speaking English English classes .	'Joining an English club .
Which of the following is Qi 's fascination about his works ? He could use xieyiand thegongbistyles painting .	'He could draw many animals in a painting .
When you are in your 10thschool year , you may choose different classes based choice abilities	'stay with your classmates in the same classroom for all the subjects
Which of the following might be the best title of the passage ? Different Feelings	'Love and Time
What 's the problem with Elisa Cohen 's twins in writing about their book report ? They n't given much thinking read .	'They find homework really hard .
What do Ahern and his sea turtle patrol do in the early morning ? find tracks left sea turtles	'pick up the trash on the beach
What 's the trend in parent - child relationship mentioned in the passage ? The generation gap narrowing parents respecting children 's thoughts .	'Parents are chasing after fashion and ignoring the feelings of their children .
This article mainly talks about roller - skating big cities	'places and streets for roller - skating
Miss Baldwin 's experience shows us that language changes passage time	'the English language has not changed much
"The author left the barber 's shop mainly because lacked courage tell "" No . 2 "" intention"	"'he would like to wait for "" No . 1 "" outside"
Why did the tree mention   the grasshopper ? To show weak grass .	'To show how strong the tree was .
According to the writer , the bad effects of computers can be avoided if we sound knowledge computer systems	'tell people not to misuse computers
What does Zhang Qian 's father do on Dragon Boat Festival ? He watches boat race .	'He talks to Zhang Qian
This passage mainly tells us something interesting tea	'people in different countries like drinking different tea
"The "" Reduce "" rule mainly requires us use things wisely"	'to use paper carelessly
Which of the following sentences is true according to the passage . A raised purchase price encourage farmers grow rice .	"""The plan has n't been approved by the State Council "
The main idea of the passage is about lighten students ' backpacks	'the problems made by rolling backpacks
If there is something urgent, driving probably best way	'all official has nothing to do but cycle there
After reading the passage we can conclude that blind people affected colors ,	"""one 's heart will beat fast in a colorful room than in a white room"
What should the successful applicant do for the job ? write reports analyse overall bathing experience .	'deliver quality products and expert advice .
What 's the real meaning of the instructions   on the tin ? put tin hot water warm	'Hold   the tin and stand in hot water
It can be inferred that private loans play important role financing US students ' education	'there is no private student loan lenders in theUK
The passage is mainly about girl beaten nearly death	'the stepfather of a girl
What is the position of the head of human - resource management in an American firm ? He say making important decisions firm .	'He is one of the most important executives in the firm .
Why can studying abroad widen the view of students ? Because meet make friends people around world .	'Because they may give up their own culture .
From the experience of Harriet Tubman , we learn that running away plantation dangerous journey	'slaves could easily escape through the Underground Railroad
In the state of zoophobia , animals behave strangely	'remain in cages
Which of the following statements is TRUE according the passage ? It park - view rooms Dandy Hotel make quite unique .	'Rooms in the W Hotel are of the similar style but with different fancy names .
Which of the following is True according to the paasage ? To grow , need strong - minded independent .	'In the show 
According to the passage , what may not result in addictive shopping ? The awareness market forces work .	"'The desire for status ', ' power ', ' beauty or success .', 'Boredom ', ' emptiness ', ' tension ', "" fear or unhappiness in people 's life ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true about GM foods ? GM foods affect people 's immune system .	'It is produced from plants added genes from other species .
After the CPPCC meetings , Guo 's proposal handed Ministry Education	'was given to other members of the meeting
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ?     What 's That Energy Drinks ?	"""What 's the Use of Energy Drinks ?"
Which of the following is TRUE ? The writer mother .	'The daughter is a second - grader .
Through 1 - 407-WDW - DINE , you can make reservations meals park	'buy your Walt Disney World tickets
What is the text mainly about ? Why celebrity divorce aroused netizens ' interest .	'Wang Baoqiang announced online that he was divorcing his wife 
The purpose of this activity is draw interest writing letters	'to make the international postage stamp exhibition more interesting
Mary ran over to the old man because saw old man difficulty moving taking seat	'the old man was the boss of the restaurant
"Another benefit of the "" Watch "" schemes is that new community spirit growing"	'old people are no longer frightened of crime
The passage is mainly about something made clear understood	'that is done by living things from outer space
Which of the following sentences is right ? Bill n't happy looks picture baby	"""Bill 's mother does will in drawing ."
According to Abe , several things contribute to the rising child poverty except expansion three - generation households	'high social security premiums
Which of the following sentences is not true ? Mrs. Blake teaches inner area big city east United States .	'Mrs. Blake has turned her wish of becoming a teacher into reality .
The man made many things by himself . Which is the right order ? light - pot - bread - canoe - clothes	'clothes - canoe - bread - pot - light
What can best describe the bridegroom ? He accepted intended marriage arranged without knowledge .	"'He was eager to meet his intended wife so he retired from the army .', ""He would n't have been welcome by the bride had he arrived on time ."
What can we infer from the passage ? Matt loved money wife .	"'Matt would like to buy everything for his wife .', ""The pilot did n't mind whether Matt 's wife would pay ."
Where can you see tigers and wolves at night ? Only Night Safari Singapore	'Every zoo in China
Which is NOT right ? Mr. Blaise saved boy .	'The boy is very strong now .
It can be learned that the letter was written beginning new school year	'after the school year ended
Which is the best title for the passage ? What Kind Person A Friend Should Be	'A Friend in Need Is A Friend Indeed
Why does the passage say that AIDS is a deadly disease ? All .	'Because the AIDS patients can not resist the disease and will die .
.In the author 's opinion , a good company should consist of talented common people	'only outstanding people
What 's the text mainly about ? An introduction Universal Robots ' new robots .	'The difference between the UR5 and the UR10 .
What is the writer 's main purpose ? To explain Horton good place live .	'To explain what tourists can do in Horton .
What 's best title of the passage ? My Mother 's Desk	'My letter to Mother
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Father modern biology : Charles Darwin	"""Charles Darwin 's ideas"
After he was informed of what he had done , the father let author make call Mr . Burke	"""did n't say anything and left"
The northeast of Brazil once became rich because of black slave 's hard work	'trade with coastal cities
Which statement is TRUE ? Not schools US reduced physical education programs .	'High schools in the US should provide fewer hours of physical activity than that in elementary and middle schools .
Japanese researchers created the population clock in order to let Japanese give special importance population problems	'show the change of the Japanese population since 1975
For what reason did Obama win the election ? He war tried improve economy .	'He was African - American .
We can infer that in the past few years American farmers---- increased corn production	'reduced crop exports
What is / are made of wool ? Paul 's new trousers .	"""Paul 's blue jeans ."
The text is mainly written for teachers	'students
Which of the following is TRUE ? You ca n't book facilities telephone .	"'All people have the chance to be members of the Centre .', ""You can get the membership card at 6 o'clock in the morning ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? If asks give one answer , 'd better write .	'Find out how many points we need or how much each question is worth .
How were the different colors of the recreated Moma Lisa created ? By adding different amounts milk cup black coffee .	'By adding different amounts of black coffee to each cup of milk .
What is the best title for the passage ? Learning help computers	'The development of One Computer Every Child
What is the best title for this passage ? The Poor Suffer High Food Prices .	'Kenya Imports Food from Abroad
The story about the airline pilot tells us that writer worried future society	'man knows where the society is going
What first inspired Mother Teresa to work in India ? The medical worker 's letters school .	'Her visit to the poor parts of Calcutta .
What 's the best tittle for this passage ? Student Credit Cards -- What You Need Know	"'Economic Tips for College Students', ""Dos and Don'ts in Using Student Credit Cards"
Who would get father 's fortune ? The cleverest son .	'The oldest son .
Why did n't the old man ask the previous riders for a ride ? Because assumed concern .	'Because he was waiting for the last rider .
To get past the receptionist , you had better make phone call less experienced staff member	'ask him or her to put you through to the Personnel Department
In the market , people n't know star sometimes	"""Lisa is n't happy "
What can be concluded from the passage ? Students balance part - time work well things .	"'Part - time work is important for most students at college .', ""Experts ' advice is the key to finding a good part - time job ."
What 's the advice given by a teacher in Caracas to her students ? Washing hair quite often .	'Attending beauty schools as early as possible .
which of the following is NOT true ? The author single eats meats	"""Television influences children 's food choice"
The reason why lions do n't normally prey on people is mentioned passage	'they just hunt for prey at night 
Which of the following is true ? One lot work keep picture mind forever .	'A person with a good memory can remember things forever .
The fox could not come back because tree flew away	'the monkey took away the tree
You would see this notice bedroom large hotel	'in a hotel bar
What surprises us today is that the digital age makes people realize importance use paper	'the importance of paperless workplace
Why did so many Starbucks close in small areas ? The style coffee stores seems .	'The coffee in these places was too expensive .
We can learn from the text that all the museums gift shop visitors	'offer large baby changing units
The main idea of the story is that The Japanese use seaweed many ways .	'The Japanese eat seaweed when they want rain to fall .
What can we learn from the passage ? The computers help children lot .	'Keller is the teacher of those children .
If a tourist wants to enjoy Beijing Opera , he should go Liyuan Theatre evening	'visit the Summer Palace on the first day
In this passage , the writer mainly tells us McGrady offered help African children	'McGrady took a trip to Africa
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? In general , leading financial companies n't prefer casual clothing .	"""The casual Friday concept changes people 's responsibility at work ."
The seventh grade team leader in the author 's school called     a meeting to talk giving students poorly second   chance redo work	'analyse the reason for the huge achievement gap between students
The author 's primary purpose in writing this passage was to convince reader uniforms disadvantages advantages	'show that uniforms are not possible in a democratic society
When the neighbour heard this , he told the judge that cow killed judge 's	'his cow had been killed
Many school districts raised lunch prices because cost food gone	'there is less healthful food on the menus
Why was the man worried about his sons ? Because knew good bad things life .	"'Because their sons were too pessimistic .', 'Because their sons were too optimistic .', ""Because their sons ' birthday was coming "
The passage tells us possible results government controls	'the necessity of government control
It can be inferred from the passage that in the research driver - preferred music increased mood ratings	'the teens committed the most errors
According to the passage , which of the following may NOT be something nice to do ? Having long conversation new neighbour .	'Offering to help your neighbours if they need help .
In writing this passage the writer mainly wants us to    better impression   snakes	'like snakes
People with the character of the snail would like to live luxury life costs	'enjoy life at the moment without thinking much about the future
The purpose of National Wanna Play Music Week is to call people pay attention music education	'advise young people to learn music
What question does n't the reporter ask in the interview ? How keep passengers safe ?	'How long do pilots actually spend flying a plane ?
What does the story mainly suggest ? It 's helpful businessmen learn customers ' thoughts	'A restaurant owner should design different menus for different guests .
The example of Handwriting Without Tears helps to argue that n't take much teach better handwriting skills	'the schools are responsible for the loss of handwriting
Which statement of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The entire family enjoys reading Styles section local newspaper .	'The writer once lived in New York City 
Which of the following may be concluded from the passage ? Sleep restrictions may contribute disease like diabetes , insomnia , heart disease .	'The experiment was performed at the University of Surrey in early 2013 .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Camera cellphones 3-megapixel units appear soon .	'All the functions of the models mentioned in the passage are completely new
What can we infer from the end of the passage ? There still lot learn writing good poems .	'Poems must depend on the Internet 
From the passage , it can be said that US fourth largest organic farming country	'India uses the least land to farm organically
The book Who Moved My Cheese wants   to teach us face changes	'how to find the cheese
Marilyn Monroe 's words are mentioned to tell us that needed friends	'we should just share our happy times with our friends
From the story , we learn forgiveness sometimes better punishment	"'the coach punished the boy at last', ""the coach wrote to Tom 's mother and asked for more gifts ."
Why did Sue call the painting the masterpiece of Old Behrman ? Because perfect saved Joann 's life end .	'Because Old Behrman promised that he would paint a work of art .
Which of the following reasons for immigration is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Studying foreign language	'Being reunited with the beloved people .
What consumer psychology is mentioned in the passage ? Getting something extra free better getting less .	'The first number has little influence on which item should be bought .
Where is the missing dollar ? n't missing dollar .	'It was taken by the assistant 
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The monarch butterfly viceroy close relatives .	'There are few look - alikes among insects .
According to the passage , which of the statements is NOT true ? One person infected staying H7N9 patients .	'Twenty people have died of H7N9 .
Why did the Flakes go to the island of Biggarenn ? To spend special vacation .	'To spear the shark for food .
QQ will be good for us if get useful information need .	'we spend too much time chatting online .
What was it that surprised the manager ?     Mr. Briggs sold insurance people 95 .	'Mr. Briggs sold life insurance only to 95 people .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Tourism Volunteer Program .	'Welcome to the City of Melbourne !
Why is Anna very happy with the new flat ? Because room .	'Because she has to share a room .
You must be careful when you go by bus because may go wrong way	'the traffic lights are different from ours
Wrapped in a big plastic bag , Plastic Bag3 still harm environment	'is much safer than Plastic Bag2
What was Dave 's problem ? He n't want eat winning team .	"""He did n't like Miguel ."
What may Dickens really want to imply us readers ? Only love settle problems people .	'The novel is about something good only .
Living together , members allowed break rules make together	"""the teenagers do n't have to obey the rules"
The woman had to leave Mr. Lang because n't love longer	"""he would n't stop gambling"
According to Dr Singer , electronic toys prevent children keeping touch real world	'the electronic toys are good for children if they play often enough
This passage mainly tells us different choices may show different characters	'why people like chocolate
.   According to the article , both the 2012 Olympics and the royal wedding increased British sense national identity	'have promoted traditional British values
Which of the following i s NOT discussed in the passage ? When space traveling made possible ?	'What are the unique experiences that space hotels will offer ?
During this activity , students learned life hard	'Zhao Jiacheng made money by singing
What 's the best title for the passage ? The Gift Life	"""Dad 's disease"
Upon receiving their letters , the two daughters complained usual	'blamed her mother for the half - letter
We can learn from the passages that 's flooding , sandbags made used build wall	'the National Weather Service often takes measures to protect the local people
What 's the main purpose of the passage ? To help consumers make environmentally sustainable choices .	'To advise the government to take severe measures to stop producing bottled water .
Which of the following is true of the recent discovery ? The planet proves gas planet .	'The planet is not as protective as Jupiter .
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? More half teachers doctors smokers China .	'In China . those who get into the habit of smoking seem to be younger and younger .
"Why has Winton been called "" the British Schindler "" ? Because rescued 669 children Second World War ."	'Because he made great contributions after the Second World War .
The author feels ashamed for making good use time mother	'giving her mother a lot of trouble
What is Prof . Petford 's belief according to the text ? Good universities charge students tuition fees .	'Tuition fees for British students should reach # 20
All the following facts show that shoes are important EXCEPT that cure diseases caught soil	"""they prevent children 's feet from being injured"
"What do scientists mean by saying "" it is far too soon to declare handwriting is not important "" ? Handwriting ignored present ."	'Handwriting is not very important to children .
What made Louis Armstrong become the best jazz musician ? His talent hard work .	'His good sense of humor .
This passage is mainly talking about infants ' education	"""children 's personality"
What 's the passage mainly about ? A top goal - ending world poverty possibly achieved 2030 .	'The key of ending world poverty is preventing climate change .
This passage is mainly about nametags track students	'a pilot program in the US
Many directors and playwrights find other jobs because market promising get paid poorly	'Chinese operas are booming
What does the writer suggest people should do in the passage ? The writer advises adults get least six seven hours ' shut - eye night stay healthy .	'The writer thinks that we had better follow the trend for late nights and early mornings .
Mrs. Green likes the necklace with her child 's name because may make child close heart	'it is a traditional and useful gift
.You want to do an activity one evening a week and get a certificate   in the end , you can go to Sailing Club	'Diving Center
We can infer from the text that . several kinds land - living bears world	'the World Conservation Union is not in charge of protecting wildlife in the world
Which of the following is conveyed in the passage ? We hold new technology last .	'The fast pace of change brings us no good .
Why did Robert Reich decide to resign ? Because wanted spend time family .	"""Because he did n't like his job ."
Youth for Human Rights International is paying attention to education because children know little rights easily cheated	'education should serve most children
Which is the best example to make full use of time ? Devoting efforts work moment .	'Putting some precious time away .
Jack laughed because wanted show nothing wrong ears	'he could tell the same joke himself 
62 . The passage tells us that children are the most curious when they are about four years old	'two years old
Why was Paul Zindel honored with the Margaret A. Edwards Prize ? He made great contributions - contemporary literature .	'His books were widely read by children .
Why did the author leave the public school ? He take steps back order relearn basic things another school .	"""He was so crazy about the Rubik 's Cube that he wanted to solve it first ."
"The author mentions "" choosing a babysitter "" to tell us that we should choose TV programs kids"	'choose babysitters for our kids
"What is true about the popularity of "" Gangnam Style "" ? It makes people amused removes emotional guards ."	'Its dance only reflects cultural and morals specific to Korea .
A new comer will be your friend if talk friendly way	'he always thinks of his old friends
Which of the following sentences is NOT true ? Rose 's hair long .	"""Rose 's homework is always clean and tidy ."
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Asimov still many readers China .	"""Asimov is criticized by today 's science fiction writers ."
Which is NOT true about protecting us from being infected by animal influenza viruses ? We try eat much sleep much possible .	'Wash our hands with soap and running water before we eat 
Which of the following is true ? The death Cao 's mother influenced Cao lot .	"""Cao 's sister lives in the poor countryside now ."
What the doctor said meant that young Jessica would n't remember long	"""Jessica 's parents should help her forget that"
To increase your chance of winning a scholarship , you are advised to similar interview help prepare real one	'apply for as many scholarships as you can
Why did the old man hold the Marine 's hand all through the night ? Because dying mistook son .	"'Because he knew he would die the next day .', ""Because he had n't seen his son for a long time ."
According to this passage , which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? Xi mentioned tea culture emphasize importance agriculture friendship .	"""President Xi Jinping was very interested in Shakespeare 's works when in the countryside ."
"If one says "" I can dance with a glass of water on my head , "" we know that good dancer"	'he is practising dancing
What is the text mainly concerned about ? Celebrations Chinese culture held Sydney .	'Huge fun of the Chinese culture .
"The passage mainly tells us about "" love "" means children"	"'what "" life "" means to children"
Where were the tested students from ? They were from primary high schools 5 districts	'primary and high schools in 54 districts
In the writer 's opinion , workplace etiquette helpful work well	'is considered important by all employees
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? The writer came first Science English exams .	"""The writer was sad because she could n't join the Student Union ."
Which of the following places has the longest history ? The Tower London .	'The Globe Theatre .
Which of the following is true of Christopher Thomas ? He positive attitude disease .	'He needs to go to the doctor every day .
The problem the writer talks about is that people afraid speak rights	"""some people are forced to buy things they do n't like"
What measure has been taken in IIT- Mumbai ? Internet access unavailable deep night .	'Students have unlimited free Internet access in their dormitories .
What can we infer from what Chen said ? Polluters severely inspected punished .	'More officials will be charged with breaking laws .
The passage mainly discusses the development of chocolate candies	'chocolate drinks
We can conclude from the passage that rumors caused panic among people	'scientists have been tracking Planet X for over ten years
Alex ' s Lemonade Stand began Alex four years old	'when Mario was eight years old
The best title for this passage is The Secret Long Life	"""Grygori 's Birthday"
It can be concluded from the text that children musically trained remember things better untrained	"""the study is the first one on the effect of musical training on children 's brains"
Which of the following is true , according to the passage ? Snake robots reduce patients ' medical costs .	'Snake robots are only used in the medical field .
A former Happy Meal includes about 750 calories	'700 calories
What would be the best title for the passage ? A dog makes seriously sick dad smile .	'A dog helps a family get together .
Which one is true ? The moment open eyes light book travels eyes .	'All the things you can see give off light .
Which of the following statements is TRUE about sightseeing with a London Pass ? . One choose Travel card suits transport attractions London .	""". One does n't need to wait in line in all tourist attractions in London ."
It can be learned from the text that half watermelons fermentable alcohol provide energy	'about two gallons of fuel could be made from rejected fruit per acre
Which of the following is right according to the passage ? Mrs . Cobell used swim well .	'Mrs . Cobell crossed the Channel in order to set a slowest record .
Why does Albert 's father secretly sell Joey ? Because 's need money .	'Because Captain Nicholls is fond of Joey .
It can be inferred   from the passage that without gadgets , people may feel pressure telling white lies	'employers sometimes lie to their employees 
Why does the company decide to make diamonds out of Beethoven 's hair ? To show latest technology .	'To make the biggest diamond .
According to the passage , we can learn that astronauts moon n't agree go back	'President Barack Obama thought people should attempt to return to the moon
We can know from the passage that the juveniles of sparrows still lack internal map	'will follow the adults in their flights
According to Para . 4 and Para . 5 , which of the following statements can be inferred ? More one survey done .	'Only 7 % of the seniors have cheated on an exam .
The author took AskRomeo and True Life Partners for examples to show companies help expand dating industry	"'emphasize the important role of the companies', ""praise the two companies ' good work"
"What may eventually settle the "" last mile "" problem ? The rapid progress cell phone technology ."	"""The broadband connection 's getting faster ."
Chinese netizens created English words by combining pinyin Chinese characters English . suffix	'using the character carrying the same pronunciation
The passage mainly tells us Eadweard Muybridge got pictures motion    successfully	'that Eadweard Muybridge created the first static pictures
The passage leads us to the belief that animals experience emotions	'animals have a way to adapt to their environment
What does the green coloring use to make the food for a plant ? Air , sunshine water	'Sunshine 
The best title for the text could e An Expensive Church Visit	'A Special Border Pass
By telling his own experiences , the author tries to show importance expressing thanks	'how to write a thank - you letter
Which of the following is TRUE ? Germs everywhere around us .	"'If things are very small ', ' they are germs .', ""If things ca n't be seen "
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? The older man 's advice influenced Paul greatly .	'Paul had a talk with a clever man during the trip .
.What did Mr Douthett think of his dog ? It clever brave .	'It was a cruel but helpful dog .
What can be inferred from the result of the new classroom rule ? Students got along better	'Students were against eating together
What 's the writer 's advice on healthy snacks ? Eating necessary .	'Not eating snacks at all .
The writer could n't see everything clearly through the window because writer 's window dirty	"""the woman 's window was dirty"
With agricultural aid , farmers can promote production crops	'produce low - cost food
What can we infer from the text ? The rain forests beneficial entire world .	"""The natives do n't know the value of the plants ."
The writer thinks car n't say anything owner	"""his grandfather 's idea about cars is right"
Which is NOT wrong from the passage ? The lion ran away mouse 's help .	"""The lion did n't catch the mouse first ."
The order of coming into being on the island is soil , plants animals	'soil 
Why do people go and live in valleys near rives ? It 's easier people grow plants keep animals .	'The resources like oil can bring them much money .
Which of the following is right ? In 1997 , Kournikova worked hard make semi - finals Wimbledon .	'Kournikova beat Steffi Graf at the US Open when she was 15 .
What will happen if it rains recently ? The salt fire produce sound .	'The salt in the fire will produce crackling sound .
From the text , we can learn that , in Poland , family members know . meals together	'most meals can be interesting topics for a long time
What does the passage advise you to do when you hear different ideas ? We listen find valuable points	'We should admit that we are not succeeding in figuring out things .
Which of the following most likely indicates that there is a sad human story behind a physical change on the farm ? A piece land sold bank .	'A new variety of peach is being planted .
The best title of the story would be Lady , Are You Rich ?	'Two Matched Cups and Saucers
What is the main idea of the passage ? Humanity fundamental fashion design .	'The growing fashion trends present human interest .
""" The Macbeth effect "" refers to the fact that people feel less ashamed washing hands"	'Lady Macbeth had a habit of washing hands
The passage is mainly about characteristics American newspapers	'the development of American newspapers
Which of the following statements is true ? Cigarette ads prohibited television America .	'Cigarette ads were prohibited in America .
"The list of "" 101 things not to do "" is made most probably because its author wants provide list different lists"	'thinks it boring to do the things suggested by other lists
What can we know about the inventors of the brake lever ? They schoolPS500 invention .	'They created the invention in four years .
This passage tells about . good study habits	'good study ways
The author believes that a vicious circle can turn into a good one when girls gain equal access education	'women care more about education
It can be inferred from the passage that girl failed last oral test likely get job	'another girl chosen in next test held the company
Who are expected to pay more attention to the issue addressed ? The public .	'Animal care activists .
From the passage , we can conclude that Las Vegas famous gaming city	'eating in Las Vegas is very expensive
What do scientists think is the biggest danger facing Antarctica ? Warming sea water temperature .	'Rising sea levels .
Where should you go if you want to spend the Saturday by joining the entertainment with your family . ? The sing - along The Black Horse .	'Disco at The Lord Napier .
Which is NOT the reason why the writer does n't want Nitin 's help ? He another big brother .	'He forgot his homework because of playing with him .
"According to the given information . which Guinness World Record was most recently set ? The record "" Most people inside soup bubble "" ."	"'The record for "" Most living generations "" ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Too much eye exposure UV rays may cause total blindness .	"""Short - time exposure of the eyes to UV rays does n't harm them at all ."
Which of the following number is Not agree with its description ? 333 --- height tower	'550 --- the number of people who work at the top of the tower
To buy an affordable house , you should pay 3 times less average family 's income	"""4 times or less of the average family 's income"
Which of the following is NOT true about the charity concert ? It organized famous singer Guo Feng .	'Its aim is to improve local charity programmes .
Which sentence is right ? He feels happy people get pumpkins	'Jack keep the pumpkins until next Halloween .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TURE ? Paris For One tells story Nell Fabien .	'The Luminaries tells a story of a Booker Prize winner .
Why does the flu cause global fears ? Because 's spreading human human .	'Because most people in the world eat pork .
Why will new types of mobile phones make the driving problem worse ? There things people phones .	'It will take longer to send text messages .
Which of the following does NOT result from the early drop in cycling in the USA ? People pedal backwards stop bike .	'Cyclists do not care for traffic lights .
According to the text , use - by date was first intended to show whether food fresh	'reduce the waste of food
The main idea of this passage is 3 G become popular	'how popular 3 G is in Japan
It can be inferred from the passage that her mother connected writer food	'taught the writer how to cook pancakes
What is the main idea of the passage ? Lions face extinction Kenya .	'Kenya is losing its Big Five .
We quarreled because seldom attended parents ' meetings school .	"'she began to spend less and less time with me', ""she did n't help me with my schoolwork ."
Working for Cameron , people felt that part elite	'Cameron was very particular about things
In Partnoy 's opinion , a fast food lunch affects people 's way thinking	'is better than having no lunch
The bookseller did n't want to see the doctor because He n't want pay doctor	"""his foot was n't hurt"
From the passage , it can be inferred that Different people get different messages documentary .	"'The documentary is so successful that no one can surpass    it .', ""The documentary should have shown China 's splendid food culture ."
What 's the purpose of the writer in the passage ? To display new research allows scientists understand climbing plants .	'To tell us why the sweet peas can climb the tree or stick .
Other feelings passed by Love in their boats one by one . Which is the right order according to the passage ? Richness - Vanity - Sorrow - Happiness - Time	'Richness - Happiness - Sorrow - Vanity - Time
Mountain snowfall heavier South North Poles	'brings less of the water the world uses than rain does
Form the passage we can infer that      . master English become important	'English will be the only language to be used in the world
What 's the writer 's opinion according to the passage ? People 's life style different future .	'Mobile phones are the most important in smart homes .
What is the best title for this passage ? E -- bike sales shift mainstream 20l3	'E - bikes 
We can learn from the passage that Jack Sue liked dog first	"'only Sue loved the dog', ""Jack wanted to have Sue 's dog"
What makes environmentalists worried according to the passage ? That traditional conservation might use bringing species back .	'That scientists can not make up for the mistakes that they made in the past .
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in this advertisement ? The exact amount tuition pay .	'The way how you will get your degree .
It 's probable that traders along the Silk Road needed deal lot difficulties	'to remember the entire trade route
We can learn from the text that Henry 's classification system based Gallon 's	'Faulds collected many fingerprints while in Japan
The commitment announced Wednesday shows that Apple wanted contribute protecting environment	'Apple wanted to change its public image eagerly
Which of the following can be the best title of this passage ? Applying host Olympics	'How to host Olympic Games
When people find that their purchase is unsatisfying , the first thing they should do is to show written proof purchase store	'complain personally to the manager
Which of the following do you think is the real cause of the father 's disappointment ? Norton 's selfishness lack sympathy .	"""Norton 's carelessness and self - confidence ."
On how to use our time , we should follow the following suggestions EXCEPT trying study alone instead working others	'working out a complete plan for the whole term
What 's the best title for this passage ? Transport London	'The cheapest way to travel around London .
Which of the following statements is true ? To find job much difficult	'There is nothing we can do to find a good job nowadays
The passage is mainly about apples American culture	'stories about the apple
What happened to the father and the son at last ? They went home without selling bananas .	'They ate up all their bananas .
What opinion does Alan Greenberger hold ? The city really deserves honor .	"""It 's easy for the city to win the honor ."
What happens to Anne 's family ? Her daughter tired Anne always follows .	'Her daughter is too old to look after her .
The letter aims to remind editors that they should give freedom reporters	"'keep their best reporters at all costs', ""be aware of their reporters ' professional development"
What often makes us feel tired in the morning ? Not enough fresh air .	'Too much air .
The author wrote this passage to tell us noisy neighbor	'why we should get on well with neighbors
Which of the following is not true ? Both Chinese people English people like rice fish .	'English people drink a lot of tea .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? No Car Day supported 1,000 cities around world far .	'China is the first country to start No Car Day .
What does the text mainly discuss ? The influence childhood experience future lives .	'New ways to make a TV program interesting .
The ocean is becoming more acidic due to higher level CO2 air	'the lower water pH value
Mr Brown had quite a good job in Hong Kong but he thought that if he went to Singapore , he might get a much better job with more money and a larger house . His wife did n't want him to leave his job in Hong Kong and she reminded him that bird hand worth two bush	"""do n't be a dog in a manger"
We can infer that the writer wrote this passage mainly to Wildlife tourism may seem helpful , deadly animals	'explain what eco - tourism is
From the news report we can infer that quite possible life may exist planets universe	'the planet is like the earth because it is close to the center of the Milky Way
To keep healthy in the future , children had better play dirty environment	'live in a germ - free environment
Why was the case not a public hearing ? Because teenagers ' privacy must protected law .	"""Because it included the well - known military singer Li Shuangjiang 's son ."
Lauren Smith conducted her research by monitoring sharks ' reaction weather changes	"""removing hair cells from a shark 's balance system"
What can we learn about The Firegathering ? No profits made festival .	'The festival will take place in a park .
The protective mat is used to keep mattress clean possible	'protect the mattress from being destroyed
Which one is wrong in the following sentences ? You ca n't shake hands meet someone first time Britain .	"'When an India says "" come any time "" "
What does Seligman mean by saying ' take a plus 2 person and boost him to a plus 6 ' ? Happy people also need improve level happiness .	'We should focus on happy or joyful people .
The passage is meant to discuss morals allocating things	'justify paying for faster services
According to the passage , people always found trees useful	"'a long time ago ', "" man did n't know how to make use of wood"
The author felt frustrated because bad weather made connecting flight delay	"""their flight could n't land as a result of bad weather"
What is TRUE about players today ? Girls boys participate age 18 .	'Only boys can play in Little League .
"According to the passage , what 's the popular trend for people to send "" red envelopes "" ? Sending "" red envelopes "" smartphones ."	"'Sending "" red envelopes "" through short messages"
"According to the article , what is "" Latin mentality "" ? One work hard best ."	'Being a soccer player can bring you a lot .
What is the author 's main purpose in writing the article ? To analyze London appeals tourists .	'To show the effects of the 2012 London Olympics .
Which of the following is TRUE ? The Kurzweil machine help blind people short - sighted children .	"""Computers can solve all the problems people ca n't do ."
Which of the following has been mainly discussed in the passage ? Climate change forcing moths higher .	'Protecting moths from extinction .
A group of travelers who want to have fun in mid - April will go to Festival Houses Gardens	'Chandler Ostrich Festival
Does the girl have any friends at the new school ? No , n't	'No 
What is the best way to save money ? Four adults book two day tours .	'Four adults book one day tour .
Why did the writer get angry ? Because     man n't leave space writer table .	"""the man 's bag fell on the writer 's foot ."
What is the attitude of our society and enthusiastic people ? Chinese society people become supportive autistic people families .	'Some actors like Zhou Xun called on people to do nothing for autistic children .
Why did Grandpa ask his grandson to fetch a basket of water ? To get realize use reading books .	'To clean the dirty basket in the river .
What 's the best title for the passage ? More Shanghai People Rent Cars Holidays .	'How Shanghai People Spend Their Holidays ?
Schools in Britain did n't teach Gallaudet because wanted keep methods secret	'their methods were quite different
What 's the main idea of this passage ? The different ways shop food past .	'The different stores to sell food in the past and now .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Students second strike pay twice much students first strike .	'College students are not allowed to drink alcohol at any time .
What could be the best title for the text ? Is less stressful get laid stay ?	'Do employees bear more stress than ever before ?
We learn from the passage that International Pillow Fight Day short history	'the town of Bunol in Spain is on a river
What can we learn from the passage ? Books different languages available .	'Few entertaining resources are offered here .
After reading the passage , we infer that     Bill thought decision right .	'Bill trained his son to win the medal .
""" Buoyancy "" is important because help people swim better"	'it helps people to be safer in water
"Which of the following is True about Rain ? Rain "" Korean Artist Year "" award music career ."	"'His album "" How to Run from the Sun "" was so successful that it topped the charts for weeks ."
Which of the following is tree according to the passage ? You use blue ink write notes friend South Korea .	'Giving a fancy kitchen knife to a friend from Russia is a good choice .
What is probably the best title of the passage ? Return Radio	'Opinions of Podcast
We can conclude from the text that findings useful medical treatment	'sleep and health go hand in hand
The people in the church but Grandpa felt confused at what the director said because glasses included donation list	"""Grandpa did n't tell the director that he was the owner of the glasses"
What 's the purpose of the text ? To introduce finding new study .	"'To teach children a balanced diet .', ""To remind parents of children 's health ."
According to the author , we can increase concentration by taking exercise every day	'reading wherever we like
What 's the main idea of the passage ? How people use iPod iPhone sing .	'A famous company Apple .
The health promotion focus used to be on purposeful exercise	'long sitting
According to the text , a   potential danger of blood transfusion is that blood   transfusion may lead terrible infections	'it is   impossible to store up large amounts of blood
What is the text mainly about ? Different views teenagers ' using latest cell phones .	"""Different ways to deal with teenagers ' using the latest cell phones ."
What did the author do at F.A.R.M Cafe last summer ? She enjoyed meal .	'She ate free of charge .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? China use carrier attack countries .	'The aircraft carrier being made is a completely new one .
BCI is a technology that can    link human brain computers	'help to update computer systems
The Trackstar system can tell the police car	'how the car is stolen
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Many plants connected internal channels .	'Different plants form a communication network .
What is the purpose of writing this article ? To advise people think twice buying hybrid cars .	'To tell the readers about the advantages of hybrid cars .
The best title for the passage is Spring Fever	'How to Get Over Spring Fever
Sina.com decided to found a specialized team to prevent spread rumours Internet	'advance the development of microblog
The author 's purpose in writing this passage is to discuss potential problems educational system	"""improve the teachers ' way of teaching"
According to the passage , the author 's best gift is sons ' love reading	'reading books alone
Which of the following is true of helicopter parents ? They try everything children .	'They give their children proper guidance .
Suppose you are driving your friend to the airport and the car radio is on , what ca n't you   hear if you wear a headphone ? The nose car planes passing overhead .	'The radio music and the car engine noise .
What finding was beyond the researchers'expectation ? The rocking seemed improve participants'sleep quality .	"'All the participants fell asleep faster in the swinging condition .', ""Some participants could n't fall asleep in the swinging condition ."
Chemicals from homes and businesses get rainwater	'are always clean
What did the woman find when she was walking in the mountains ? A beautiful valuable stone .	'A bag with a precious stone in it .
The main idea of the passage is that bridge taking place ferry	'the ferry is better than the long bridge
By working at the cafe , the students can do all of the following EXCEPT enjoying free flights .	'receiving school credit .
The passage is mainly about the problem caused by climate change	'fetching water
The new study from the University of Essex in Britain shows that friends school , money 'll earn late life	'if you have more friends you will not live happily
Some lottery winners decide to give up their jobs , because A B	"'they think they have enough money', ""they do n't think they have to work any more"
What percentage of American respondents is in the survey ? 71 %	'20 %
Why is the prize named the Man Booker Prize ? Because prize sponsored Man Group kept name .	"'Because the prize is given to writers from the Commonwealth .', ""Because the prize was known as simply the ' Booker Prize ' ."
What do you know about the River Walk from the article ? It refers sidewalks either side section San Antonio River .	'There are many bridges that connect the River Walk and the Main Street .
Johns proved his ability as a salesman by showing use asbestos gloves	'carrying asbestos from Italy
The result of the survey shows that half English people enjoy working gardens	'8 out of 10 pastimes can be described as social activities
What does the author state is the most important reason men die five years earlier on average than women ? Men n't seek medical care often women	"'Men drink and smoke much more than women .', ""Men are n't as cautious as women in face of danger ."
Bob decided to start his own business when he found others liked cartoon books	'sold all his cartoon books
The Queen 's broadcasts were chosen for the study mainly because speeches recorded 50 years	'she has been Queen for many years
Where did the pie land ? On Charlie 's head	"""On Waterworks ' foot"
The bear stopped attacking because Justin Bieber 's ringtone sudden fright .	'Justin Bieber came to rescue Igor Vorozhbitsyn .
The headmaster came to Miss Wu 's class to help improve English teaching	'write some English expressions on cards
From the passage we can learn that bacteria grow extreme weathers	'bacteria disappear in the inner part of ice
Which of the following is the right order of things described in the text ? Shower , toilet , kitchen , dining table bed	'Shower 
What can we infer   about the author ? She felt pity children without father .	'She appreciated her father because he could solve all the problems .
How did Dr. Minor contributed to the dictionary ? He provided great number words quotations	'He helped Murray to find hundreds of volunteers .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Venice famous St Peter 's Church .	"""Franco 's hometown is on the coast of Italy ."
According to Ringwood , eating disorder something genetic component	"'food can be recognized as "" good "" or "" bad """
According to Frank Partnoy , long lunch breaks time workers relax mind	'make the employees work longer hours
The conflict   in this story was caused by Marc 's disagreement parents move	"""Marc and Rachel 's different attitudes"
What fact does the passage NOT provide ? If student , set websites show new technology .	'Technology will change our way of learning .
Few airlines want to perform a total ban on their passengers using electronic devices because    harmful effect electromagnetic interference yet proved	"""they do n't believe there is such a danger as radio interference"
The most effective way to solve the problem of air pollution is to unite power governments , industries public	'provide free face masks to those in need
From the passage we can infer that important waitresses know much people food	'waitresses in the Holiday Inn are all students
How should the peacemaker behave when talking with the two friends ? Listen person carefully ask questions .	"""Stop the other person 's sentences in time ."
What would be the best title for the passage ? My father --- first lifelong English teacher	"'How I learned English at school', ""I 've made progress in English learning"
The author wrote this passage to      strongly recommend e - book .	"""show the author 's attitude to money ."
What 's the key message delivered in the passage ? Drinking much water might bring harm .	'Whether to drink enough water makes no difference .
The passage is written to give instructions visiting Yale Peabody Museum	'attract more visitors to the Yale Peabody Museum
We can infer from the passage that    Honda Insight Hybrid may third least polluting hybrid 2009	'as long as you have won the lottery 
If it is August 15 today this year , you might still attend Tomato Festival	'Brat Days
What 's the author 's purpose of writing this text ? To call people donate Wikipedia .	'To introduce the differences between Wikipedia and other websites .
The store has hats in white blue	'blue 
What is the test mainly about ? findings research today 's kids ' kindness	"""causes of today 's kids being less kind ."
It can be inferred from the study age smokers connected result test	"""smoking wo n't make skin protected from the sun"
What happens to the participants after receiving certain feedbacks ? They tend judge inbetween faces positively .	'They can interpret unclear facial expressions .
After reading the passage , we can infer that n't read elementary textbook , may difficulty understanding advanced one	'different periods have different lists of best books because there are many books for people to choose from
French grammar is very different from English grammar because French nouns different adjective forms	'no words have the same pronunciation
Which of the following is true ? The stable economy China done great deal development world .	"""China 's participation in the meeting of G7 is the first time that China has talks with the developed countries ."
What is the Adopt - a - Highway Program about ? Picking litter along roads .	'Giving names to the highways .
Why do the twin pillars of black rock seem ten or fifty miles away ? It difficult judge distance , milestones .	'They lie across the Chihuahuan Desert .
At the shout of a Roman soldier , all the Scots who were asleep at the hill woke rose immediately , ready fight	'began to fight the Romans hard
Why did the instructor teach the girl only one move ? Because instructor know exactly girl 's strengths weaknesses	"""Because three months ' training is n't long enough for her to learn a new move"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? No country world attacked nuclear weapon except Japan .	'A radiation leak happened to the nuclear - powered aircraft carrier at Hiroshima .
Japanese parents believe that the carp - shaped flags will All .	'bring their boys good luck
What should you do to put yourself in a good mood ? Make time simple pleasures .	'Learn from successful people .
Which of the following is RIGHT about the writer ? She may come England .	"'She can only speak English now .', ""She does n't like teaching children very much ."
The passage mainly describes proper use mobile phones public places	'different functions of mobile phones
Processed meat is a kind of meat prepared producers	'red meat
Which of the following is TRUE ? Nancy needs Dr. Know 's help .	"""Nancy thinks it 's terrible to be a policewoman ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Safin champion one day .	"""The most important of Safin 's training was done abroad ."
What do we know about the author ? He expert behavioral science .	'He is gifted in cost - benefit analysis .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? The youngest volunteer 19 oldest 59 .	'There were 80 volunteers who took part in the study .
We can learn from the passage that girl played ping - pong many times	'the girl has learnt salsa for a long time
Which of the following facts can be inferred from the passage ? . The oceans Earth whole body .	'Low - tide zones are near to high - tide zones .
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Drugs always given animals medical reasons .	'Some additives in our food are added not only to the food but also to the animal .
What is the main idea of this passage ? People different opinions sports .	'Sports are popular all over the world .
The reading mainly tells us something about high - tech machine	'water recycling
We can learn from the passage that local people lived shadow Taliban	"""the Taliban attacked Ziauddin Yousafzai 's school for girls"
What is the main idea of the passage ? The project making tap water drinkable Shanghai Beijing .	'The cost of treating the tap water .
"After the writer said "" Feel the fear , and do it anyway ! "" , she decided to act kindness"	'leave her neighbor be
This text is mainly about characteristics winner	'differences between a winner and a loser
From the text we can leam Genzeb Tibcb involved Bright Future activities .	'Genzeb Tibeb quitted school for several years .
"Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The project produce 1.08 million tons diesel , naphtha liquefied petroleum 
 gas every year according design ."	'Shenhua Group began construction of the project in 2009 .
What is this passage mainly about ? A brave defender country .	"'A cruel war going on in the country .', ""A cab driver 's last business run ."
What can we know from Ralph Buehler 's statement ? The federal government supported building public transport .	"'Government invested a lot to build bicycling facilities .', ""Cities did n't use the money from the government wisely ."
When he was only a child , Ben always liked find things worked	'liked to fly a kite by himself
PAMS is organized with the purpose of offering medical treatment education towns Peru	'giving new experiences to local Indians in Peru
Which of the following can serve as the best title for the passage ? Pay Picture .	'The Pop - up Diner .
What can we infer from the passage ? In America , young people encouraged get involved politics .	'American mayors usually work from 3 p. m. to 6 p. m.
When the students found they had different tea cups , they curious difference cups	'were satisfied with their own cup
"The statement "" the Olympic playing field has been far from level "" means that rules work way everyone"	'the ground the athletes played on was in bad condition
According to the passage , which of the following is True ? Most classes MIT fewer 20 students .	'In MIT no arts courses are set .
What can we learn from the passage ? Students homework computer clubhouses .	'The lessons online are completely different from those in paper textbooks .
This passage aims to tell the readers preparatory work organizers	'the challenges the Beijing Olympics are facing
What can the GooBall do ? It tests student 's physical condition .	'It makes students confused about choosing books .
From the passage , we learn that careful people likely healthy lifestyle	'love to ask the doctor for advice
This passage is written mainly to introduce several ways joining program charity work	'explain how holiday - makers can make their life meaningful
The US government agreed to establish the Red Cross because Clara Barton explained would help people peacetime well .	'said there might be wars in the future
Bollywood movies are cheap to make because movie reuses things movies .	'they are shorter than Hollywood films .
What will happen if you have the possible failure in your mind ? You destroy well - planned thoughts success .	'You will try your best and come up with a much better plan 
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? You need reservation   Language Learning Center .	'The college nurse is available for some time before noon .
One of the neighbors n't like noise .	'liked Jimmy very much .
What was Lee 's dream according to the passage ? To make movies using fighting style .	'To develop a new style of kung fu .
The best title of the passage might be Our Voice Tells Our Height	'How to Be Taller
This text is mainly about the relationship between life style obesity	'Americans and the French
Which of the following is designed for people who often hesitate when buying clothes ? Pose .	'Closet .
What ' s the trouble with McDonald ' s ? Its sales income dropped .	'Its share goes down to $ 21 .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? When put goal papers , likely succeed	'Goals can make you gain everything you want in life
Which is the author 's suggestion for us ? Using different water different usages .	'Paying less money for water
Which of the following is the best title ? How end global food shortage	'How to help the farmers in the poor countries
The writer believes that urban living good thing	'all people should live in cities
Why did Mr. Albertson write the letter to the furniture store ? He n't want receive second bill furniture returned .	'He wanted the manager to blame the salesmen for the bad furniture .
Which of the following is TRUE ? The two taxi drivers cheated young man .	'The two taxi drivers were both honest .
Air moves under such conditions that air pressure n't remain time	'there is air pressure
We can learn from the research that older people likely thankful life	'only when people get older 
What is the main purpose of this article ? To inform foodies useful apps .	'To show the differences in food apps .
In the author 's opinion , the speaker exaggerated    language problems students	'was right in saying English teachers were not doing their jobs
The last sentence in the passage shows that Tommy afraid nailed	"'Tommy felt sorry for the man', ""Tommy did n't like the plus sign"
The writer was surprised at the farm girl 's words and he thought people often    ignored bright side day	'enjoyed perfectly beautiful days
"The best title for the passage should be "" More Chinese Hitting road cars ."	'Cars made China a country on wheels
When you have doubt on schoolwork , you 'd better make clear	'ask your teacher for help
What would be the best title for the text ? Andy Warhol 's world pop art	'Women in the pop art movement
According to the text , preschool education is important mainly because helpful high school education	'it can offer children lots of kinds of games
What is the biggest challenge to the traffic safety in Britain according to the writer ? Increasing number elderly motorists .	'Ageing population .
Which of the following titles best suits the text ? Fluency Grammar ?	'Grammar Counts !
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? . Korean pop stars think plastic surgery shameful .	"'Winter Sonata tells a very famous love story .', ""Young people like Korean pop stars ' clothes and hairstyles ."
When the baby first showed signs of life , the doctor n't believe miracle   happened	'was cheered and tried to save the baby at once
Which of the following is NOT true ? Stay - - home children n't problems .	'There are a lot of children like Wang Xiaojun in China .
Alfred Nobel who started the Nobel Prize was rich unhappy unlucky man	'a rich 
The writer was eager to learn more about investing because felt proud shareholder stocks increasing value	'he had invested all his life savings in stocks
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The reasons school counseling 's popularity .	'The development of school counseling .
The author writes this text mainly to encourage parents send children preschools	'tell teachers in preschools how to teach properly
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Idioms make English vivid colorful easy remember .	'People use English idioms more in spoken English than in written English .
What would be the best title of the text ? Parks instead cars cities	'Ways to solve traffic jams
The author wrote the passage mainly to reassess views whether phones used school	'attract readers to care about phone bans
Which of the following statements agrees with the passage ? Scottish bosses n't like praising workers much .	"'Older workers and women need more pay rise .', ""Most workers do n't need any praise ."
Why did the man take Van 's car ? Because worried son could wait see .	'Because he was a doctor and had to get to the hospital as soon as possible .
What kind of English is spoken on Special English ? American English .	'British English .
Why do some people get liver cirrhosis according to the article ? Because alphal - antitrypsin bodies changed damaged .	'Because their bodies are lacking in alphal - antitrypsin .
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To make people know loneliness .	'To explain why people feel lonely .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Apple denies tracks location users .	"""The researchers may misunderstand the Apple 's systems ."
What is the author 's purpose in writing this article ?     . To talk new study shows differences men women terms multitasking .	'To discuss the effects that multitasking have on men and women .
In David 's letter , he thinks that    E - books little harm environment	'E - books will come down in price
What can we infer from the passage ? The princess would lose lover regardless happened .	'The young man would survive .
What can we learn from the text ? Tan felt excited opportunity interact people world .	'At most 660 
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Being slightly overweight may bring health benefits seniors .	'The negative effects of obesity on health are greatest for young people .
What does the author think of his height ? He accepts	'He tries to increase his height through surgery .
The author uses the result of the research in Paragraph 4 to mainly show that lose concentration easily listening	'we think much more quickly than we speak
"According to the passage , "" Sunday driver "" refers to the person who drives fun relaxation"	'drives his vehicle on Sundays
Why is it difficult for WWF to do all the things they want to ? Because WWF n't enough money donations	'Because too many people do not know WWF .
From the passage , we can see the reason why the thermos fell was that something impossible explain happened	'the father sat too close to the thermos
The Open University can offer you all of the following EXCEPT computer study online home	'an MBA degree
The purpose of what Walsh did for her mother before Mother 's Day was to remember share story	'bring her mother what she wanted
We can learn from the text that football gives players room creativity	'football is popular mainly because of its simplicity
Where is Slade Hall ? Beside car park .	'Near Miller Hall .
Why does Crandall advise people wanting to lose weight not to drink wine ? Because wine contains many calories .	"""Because if they 're drunk "
After Sarah 's mother left home , Sarah wanted show something Mariam	"""Mariam came to Sarah 's home"
Why did two boys come to the restaurant ? Because wanted warm .	"""Because they knew Robin 's family ."
According to the text , custom print stores legally use favourite logos	'could use any colours and logos as they like
Why did the police say the dog did a great job ? The dog stopped thief .	'The dog saved the author .
It can be learned from the passage that teenagers learn quickly fond something	'teenagers should be forbidden to drive
What can we learn form the passage ? In United States , dads take kids watch movies often moms .	"'Ann watches movies every day .', ""Movie World is far from James ' home ."
In spite of their differences on the problem of cloning , it seems that pet owners love pets much	'all pet owners try to go against the natural law of life and death
This text is mainly about Long Island 's first preschool kids cancer	'the pain that the kids in the Morgan Center suffer
What is the main idea of the passage ? Pets lovely need care protection .	'A lot of people are interested in dogs .
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Napster , famous music website , broke piracy .	'Some online file - sharing services are responsible for music piracy .
Which of the following is NOT TRUE ? The new season includes seven episodes , covering 300 types food .	"""A Bite of China tells China 's food culture ."
Which of these can you conclude from reading the article ? The attempt overcome shyness always worthwhile .	'Shy people never have any fun .
What can we infer from the goal of Wish of a Lifetime ? The old may supposed achieve nothing .	'Older adults can not make their dream come true .
Why did the king ask Effendi to tell him the date of Effendi 's own death ? Because king wanted find excuse kill Effendi .	"'Because the king wanted to know when he himself would die .', ""Because he himself had known the date of Effendi 's death ."
Which of the following made the author 's family choose to kill the cat in a painless way ? The family would n't see suffer later life .	'The cat had changed its color1 .
Why do Chinese people are fond of eating shark fin ? Shark fin stands honor respect China	'Shark fin is rich in a variety of nutrition
Which of the following might be the best title of the passage ? Kids get ' ' adults KidZania theme park	'Children do part - time jobs at a theme park
This passage is mainly concerned with different theories formation human behavior	'relation between personality and behavior
Which of the following does the writer agree with about the movie Independence Day ? It 's science fiction movie .	"""It 's about the alien spacecraft ."
What should many mothers do ? They give love children .	'They should let children do things by themselves .
Who can benefit from business competition ? Customers businesses .	'People with the idea of equality and freedom .
Which of the following statements is RIGHT ? Apple IBM competed sales personal computers .	'Before 1980 
The Diaoyu Islands are actually inhabited by Nobody	'Japan
The main idea of the passage is that the Politechnic decision to run its doctor 's courses in English only meets different responses	'attracts more international students
From Paragraph 3 , we can learn that Panettiere really frightened sad	'succeeded in saving the dolphins
Which of the following is TRUE ? Mr. Perkin n't find car seven .	"""Mr. Perkin does n't like to have the same things as others have ."
What is the purpose of this passage ? To introduce new apps .	'To help people with technology problems .
Duoduo 's father was inspired by      . ways eagles train babies	'how eagles feed their babies
David Bieber was most probably handcuffed in passage	"""Vicki 's bedroom"
What is the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To explain people keep talking .	'To persuade people to stop making noises .
What does the author suggest that the government should do for women workers ? No solution clearly suggested .	'To ensure equal pay for women .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Do n't learn read write want better memory .	"'Your memory works in the same way as your arms or legs .', 'Your memory ', ' like your arms or legs ', "" becomes weak if you do n't give it enough chance for practice ."
Which of the following is the reason for young people 's increasing interest in entertainment ? Young people far much influenced much entertainment news media .	'Young people are taught by adults to seek pleasure of senses .
Mark and Bill middle school high school	'were in the same middle school but not in the same high school
Which of the following may be the best title of the passage ? Starbucks , tile Coffee Giant	"""The World 's Starbucks"
When do fossil fuels pollute the air ? After burned get energy .	'When we use them to create gasoline .
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? It 's worthwhile spend money warning system possible savings lives .	"'The system can warn people of the coming of tsunami directly after the earthquake .', ""We ca n't escape the danger of tsunami within 30 minutes following the earthquake ."
Roosegaarde hopes people in Beijing can pay attention air pollution solve problem finally	'invent more devices to clean the smog in Beijing
The purpose of this passage is to warn people higher level CO2	"'inform people of how acid the ocean is now', ""introduce Dr Caldeira and his team 's research"
The 14-year - old Nick Pasqua is only one example of 87 percent kids USwho use Internet	'66 percent of adults in the world who use the Internet
What are the two climbers going to do when they get well again ? To go ahead climbing	'To give up mountain climbing
A visitor who wants to know the details of how a visiting leader is received should go to Royal Welcome Exhibition	'the State Rooms
The difficulty in cloning an extinct species is the lack of well - preserved DNA surrogate mother	'both the well - preserved DNA and plants to live on
What 's the best title of the passage ? More space tigers .	'Expensive tigers .
The author entered the animal shelter because loves dogs pets	'he wanted to buy a dog
Which of the following describes country music ? Country music traditional dancing music slow songs told sad stories .	'Country music is usually played by blacks .
""" I really put my foot in my mouth this time "" means I regretted I done thing"	'I want to do this thing
It may be inferred from the passage that teachers also parents responsible youngsters ' career education	'in high schools 
According to the ban , sugary drinks allowed sold grocery stores	"'the sales of diet sodas are forbidden in movie theatres', ""large - sized drinks ca n't be sold in convenience stores"
It can be inferred from the passage that unemployment benefits are given to people unemployed short period	'people who are self - employed but now unemployed
From what Ebelin Reyes and Shirley Park said , we know students lot homework	'students like to carry heavy backpacks
It can be inferred that the writer prefers stay cellphone driving	"""does n't know how to drive at all"
The festival is a cheerful one , because dead said return homes welcomed living	'people specially make some lanterns
Which of the following is not mentioned in the passage as one of the most popular surfing activities ? Reading online novels .	'reading online news .
We can infer from the passage that good birthplace may decisive factor person 's success	'The World took the survey seriously in 1988 and so did the EIU this time
According to Manolis , which of the following is TRUE ? Typhoid one deadly diseases ancient Greece .	'Typhoid is what was called Salmonella in ancient times .
According to the author , there was a trend in the US for young people speak English without class distinction	'to speak standard English
Which way is not mentioned in the passage to input characters on the phone ? Taking pictures .	'Using a kind of alphabet - based input system .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Prohibition cloning might limit freedom scientists	'Genetic limitation will be beneficial for some women
The last sentence of the passage indicates that 'll rideshare gets car	'he will buy the silver Super Beetle on Twitter
Why does Adam raise money for charity ? Because wanted remember sister way .	'Because he wants to provide money for his brother .
Which of the following is wrong ? Mr. Green talking another teacher test .	'Mike thought he himself was foolish .
Which of the following statements is WRONG according to the passage ? After Andrews sang Who I Am , became star right .	'The Bodyguard was the first album Andrews ever bought .
What difficulty are the oil palm growers faced with ? The oily palms change less oily ones .	"'The more oily palms easily died of bad weather .', ""They do n't have enough land to grow oil palms ."
The speaker believed that high school English teachers responsible students ' poor command English	'he was an excellent language teacher because he had been teaching English for sixteen years
Which of the following is NOT the aim of Save the Children . To help children 's parents get jobs .	"""To protect children 's rights ."
According to this passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? The writer happy Christmas .	"""The writer 's parents got a divorce when she was ten ."
The owner of the passage advertises persuade people buy Times	'to introduce the new sections
We know from the passage that Pasricha way collecting 1,000 simple , free , happy things	'has finished collecting 1
Which reason for using computerized books is NOT said in the passage ? Computerized books wo n't expensive .	"""We wo n't need any paper ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to this passage ? Simona accepted immediately first school .	"'Simona has been suffering from HIV for five years .', ""Few people visited Simona 's mother because of Simona 's illness ."
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? A Russian pilot arrested Tajikistan .	'Each year Tajik guest workers send home some $ 742 million .
What can be inferred from the passage ? Once form habit , 's difficult change .	'The more often we change 
According to the passage , the most serious consequence of baby - boomers approaching retirement would be influence developed world whose workforce ageing	'a decrease in the number of 20 to 29 year - olds
According to the passage , the quality food fed by more parents is actually highcalorie food	'healthful food
"The passage is mainly about history "" Chinatown "" London"	"'"" Chinatown "" in World War II"
Why was there a period of silence between the author and Allie one night ? Allie anxious talking leaving	"""Because Allie is tired of the author 's suggestion"
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Recycling done first place .	'Supermarkets should recycle first .
The author wrote the passage in order to tell us kind friends beneficial	'show it is harder to make friends now
Which of the following is TRUE ? Touching help people learn things better .	'Our feet 
What will happen to you if you have got 13 points ? You get warning letter Transport Department .	'You will be punished for the points .
The final purpose of arranging desks in circles or U - shapes is make possible students interact	'for teachers to divide students into small groups
Which might be the proper title for the passage ? A probe : learn Mars	'Mars : differences from Earth
What field attracts more people in the author 's opinion ? Entertainment .	'Science and technology .
The writer uses the example of Kurtka to show that wolves tamed .	'wolves are like ticking bombs
Which of the following is TRUEaccording to the article ? The view mountain impressed author 's daughter .	'The author seldom complains in the early morning .
Whenever she saw her granddaughter playing with the doll , she would feel excited joyful	'think of her old friends
Which of the following is correct about Miya ? The orphanage worked close host family .	'She taught English in a middle school in Costa Rica .
Which of the following about the writer is TRUE according to the article ? Waiting son often boring , son arrives forgets .	'Luckily 
Which is the best title of the passage ? Love powerful	"""The girl 's disease"
Which of the following is TRUE ? Music give teenagers self - confidence .	"""Teenagers ca n't write poems and stories ."
Which of the following statements is true of the women in a control group ? They n't believe transformational qualities love .	"""They do n't believe in fairy tales ."
We can learn from this passage that French company cheated customers .	'Pistorius killed his girl friend all by chance on Tuesday .
Most forts were built in order to keep enemies away	'act as a palace for queens
Some scientists believe the dinosaurs became extinct because meteorites landed changed climate	'they were hit by meteors
People cut many ancient trees just to make daily goods	'plant a forest
The main idea of this passage is that    scientists explain many things , everything .	'people feel cool when they are near a lake or an ocean .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? It took DHL several weeks investigate case .	"'AbdulRahman doubted the service of DHL from the very start .', ""DHL refused to accept AbdulRahman 's complaint ."
We may infer from the passage that Surrounding people environment affects teens drinking .	'Drinking is becoming very common in high schools .
The passage aims to tell us survive storm camping	"""what 's camping"
From the passage we can learn that some people are worried because expert given warning .	'they have evidence the use of cellphone can lead to cancer .
"What did the old man mean by the word "" miracle "" ? He n't think David would catch fish stream ."	'It was wonderful to catch some fish there .
Now the stranger wanted to ask money	'give Mr. Grey his money back
What should we do if a noise issue becomes a constant problem ? Report situation landlord objectively .	'Warn the noisy neighbor of the problem .
A good title for this passage is A Clever Assistant	'Buying a Birthday Present
According to the passage , unemployment benefits normally less half person 's previous earnings	"'the loss of a job can have little impact on the individual', ""unemployment benefits are normally about the same as a person 's previous earnings"
What can we learn about Liang from the passage ?      She likes helping others trouble .	"""She did n't have to worry about money ."
Why did Professor Ryan conduct the recent experiment ? To test effect oxytocin ability recognize social interactions .	"'To know the differences between friendship and competition .', ""To know people 's different abilities to answer questions ."
From the passage we Can infer that winemakers keep promise time	'the wine with high alcohol levels is definitely terrific
What would it say in Jim 's second letter ? I ca n't help , dear mother .	'You can plant potatoes now 
At first , the irises in the author 's yard n't bloom	"""grew as well as on Mom 's farm"
The author 's main purpose in writing the passage is to give people advice taking part Yoga classes	'let people know more about Yoga
We can learn from the passage that    girl failed last interview might get job	'no girl got the job
What does the author say about most Facebook users ? They n't know personal data enriches Facebook .	'They are reluctant to give up their personal information .
What 's the advantage of cycling with a group ? Meeting new people .	'Having bicycles free of charge .
What is the best title for the passage ? Different Ways Tell Time	'How the Clock Was Invented
Ben Zuckerman and Elisa Quintana would probably agree that sophisticated space telescope plays important role research	'it is the last time that they have discovered such a planet
That evening Mr. Green and his wife left dog alone home	'took their dog to see a film
What did Peter Gollwitzer find in his tests ? Those n't tell others goals likely achieve .	'Writing down personal goals inspired people to work hard to achieve them .
The author failed to get the questions he had expected because several students n't come school	"""the class did n't begin as usual"
With the example of the terrorist attacks in London on July 7 , 2005 , the author intends to show giving emotions help one get tough time	"'explain why British people tend to be cold', ""reveal that Britons do n't intrude on others ' space"
The main idea of this passage is that lucky everything , must appreciate	'all the jobs Alice has had at the fort have been really fun
From the passage we can learn that Wuitschick well trained dealing emergencies	'Bill Rhodes gave Wuitschick a credit card for his deed
According to Lilian Katz , the government 's structured approach to early - years learning cause problems children future learning	"""is necessary for improving children 's reading and writing ability"
According to Pam Walker , Grim improved stray dog adoption St. Louis	'St. Louis has done little in treating dogs in America
The study carried out by Susan shows that showing favoritism common many families	'only two - thirds of the women interviewed have more than a child
When teens felt depressed , people used to think it was because teens going period growth	'teens stayed up late to do homework
What can we do to save water ? use less water everywhere , every time	'find more water resources
""" Stay up late "" here means "" go bed late"	'study late
It can be inferred from the passage that Hackett believes that healthy dog probably could survive chocolate poisoning	'chocolate is truly deadly to dogs
People in Rome believe that the civilization of a city can be judged by its awareness animal protection	"""exchanges with ' other cities"
The young man could n't go to sleep because worked hard ill	"""he did n't finish his lessons"
According to Para . I , we can learn that Tu 's road success traditional	'Tu is the first woman to win a Nobel Prize
What does the author want to emphasize in Para 2 ? Human fortunes unpredictable weather .	'People should keep fighting for living a better life .
Which of the following ideas would Ms Fraser agree with ? More done make girls sports .	'Those taking part in the sport are always failures .
The passage is mainly about fit new school	'how to make friends at a new school
According to the passage , what is an effect of having a lot of homework ? Students little time hobbies .	'Students have to finish their homework .
At the library that Franklin started , people paid little money beginning none	'children could use books for no money at all
According to the passage , a good job choice probably makes people    choose good life	'be good family members
According to the text , writing can help you a lot in the following ways EXCEPT development interest study	'the increase of your brain power
According to the agreement , countries required ensure investment fighting pollution	'have to give a yearly report about their work
The main idea of this passage is introduce different forms pollution ways control	'to introduce the harmful chemicals and the solid waste
Which of the following best shows American individualism ? Some people choose style weddings .	'Most weddings observe long - held traditions .
The result shows that    breakfast great effect people 's work studies	"""breakfast has no effect on people 's work"
What was the purpose of the campaign ? To tell young Coca - Cola friend .	'To help sell more Coca - Cola drinks .
The five councils worked out a plan to build an incinerator plant to meet EU requirements	'reduce the cost of burying waste
Which of the following might be the best title for the passage ? Less meat , slower global warming	'More animals 
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The Round Bird little wings	'The Round Bird can fly with other birds .
What 's the best title of this passage ? Dr. Urssenbeck , Physician Death	'The Death Game
which is NOT true according to the passage ? Actors never worry looks .	'Young people spend a lot of money on plastic surgeries .
When the thief ran away the first time , what did the policeman do ? The policeman caught thief .	'The policeman looked for the thief . but he didn \n 
We can learn from the text that when it 's rainy in Australian deserts , water - holding frogs lay eggs ponds	'plants in the desert store the raindrops in their leaves
What is the main idea of the passage ? Humor enables us cope difficult situation effectively .	'Humor is the only best way to criticize someone without losing his face .
Business Improvement Districts(BIDS ) get the money from taxes paid local businesses	'donations made by people of the community
Which of the following can best explain Judy Garland 's words ? Be true self rather follow others .	"""Do n't copy others or you ca n't be the first class ."
London has become the second most expensive city because of stronger pound dollar	'the high cost of clothing
The best title of this passage would be Codes ciphers	'Differences between codes and ciphers
In comparison with the adult American population today , the Americans of 1910    ate food physical activities	'ate less food but had more activities
Jean is quite lonely because family busy	'her family is too rich
After reading the passage , we can infer that The personality leading actress contributes success Catching Fire	"""President Snow thinks highly of Katniss and Peeta 's victory"
What can we learn about the two little brothers ? They supported different ways .	'Tonio often encouraged Sam when Sam burst into tears .
The organization Mary 's Meals provides free school meals	'was set up by Martha
What do the writer want to express   in the article ? People around world use food express good wishes coming year	'People like to eat
This passage mainly talks about survey teenagers'top 10 heroes	'why teenagers regard their parents as heroes
These advertisements are most probably advertisements Internet intended college students read	'in a newspaper intended for college students to read
Thirty years ago , the man went to a bakery and asked young lady bread sell	'asked a young man for some bread to sell
What is the purpose of this passage ? To talk similarities long bus trips TV shows .	'To persuade you to take a long bus trip .
What may be the best title for this passage ? The Weather Influences People 's Feelings	'Why Do We Feel Sad
The Bedouin people respect those who value families anything else	'leave their families to seek success on their own
In order to solve the problem of Arabica , coffee plants , some farmers would bring artificial cooling techniques .	'would make efforts to produce high - quality coffee .
Which would be the best title for the passage ? The Shard : A Change Better ?	'The Shard : Cheers and Claps
What do we know about the Bronte sisters from the text ? None lived longer 40 years .	'Emily was the least successful of the three .
From the passage , we know ReCycle Bikes provides training chances young people	'is a popular brand of bikes
"The writer mentioned "" the man in the red coat "" in the passage to show that man red coat beat Buck severely club ."	'Buck remembered Francois was the man in the red coat .
Why did n't Reagan take a bus to go to 10th and Sherman ? He poor afford bus fare .	'He wanted to keep himself warm by walking .
All of the following statements are true EXCEPT that     William Bartram first person visit Paynes prairie	'the Florida Park Service manages Paynes Prairie
What do we know about the tourist attractions mentioned in the above passage ? Barcelona FC Museum may attract football fans .	'Sagrada Familia is the largest building in Barcelona .
The brain drain to the United States may be decreasing mainly because fewer fewer good jobs USA	"'many foreign scientists are ordered to return to their motherlands', ""they do n't need any foreign scientists now"
According to the passage , it has been an American tradition that A mom makes cupcake children    birthday brings classroom	'a party for children on their birthday
Ali is not satisfied with policy guides included country 's insurance system	'his job as a guide
Why did Arctic Monkeys become popular ? People liked music .	'People could hear their music often .
The best title for this passage is Bad news came .	'Who is Jack ?
What can we infer from the passage ? Messi try best win next World Cup Argentina .	'Messi has firmly established himself as the greatest club soccer player in history .
The biggest challenge that Anjan Contractor is faced with now is probably that make food container last decades	"""the pizza does n't seem appetizing to pizza lovers"
Why are community groups producing noise maps ? To make authorities aware experiecing noise pollution	'To make more people use noise maps
The writer was surprised because artist follow people 's rule	'the artist began to draw at the head of the horse
What 's the main idea of this passage ? What happens TV quite different reality .	'Life skills can be learned from TV .
If the bat theory is confirmed , ecosystem Africa might lose balance	'the disease Ebola will be controlled
When Crane returned to the house , tried wake Mrs. Fern failed	"""he did n't want Mrs. Fern to see him"
The best title for this passage is Noisy Life	'Background Noise
Which of the following sentences is true according to the article ? It important choose right outdoor activity winter .	"'Playing outside will make people sick .', ""Little children ca n't make a snowman in winter ."
What is the main idea of the passage ? New tools provide information Earth impossible obtain .	'special techniques are needed to classify the huge amounts of data about Earth .
The debate among experts focuses on popular way help poor	'a special use of bed nets in Africa
According to the passage , which of the following is not correct ? Girls n't want pay meal .	'Some women may get angry if you open the doors for them .
What could a driver do in America when turning left ? Reach left arm window pointing left .	'Place left hand out of the window pointing upward .
Which of the following is TRUE about the courses ? Students free lunch school .	'They will be offered from June to July .
The study led by Professor Mark Weiser shows that IQ smoking males lower non - smokers	'the IQ of smoking males is higher than that of non - smokers
Why should running be done ? To improve shape tree .	'To make the tree grow taller .
One of the fossils studied by the researchers is that of mastodon elephant	'the Asian elephant
"What does the author mean by saying "" Our memory is also a ' double - edged sword ' "" ? Good memory lead bad results , ."	"""Good memory will lead to diseases in people 's body ."
What can be inferred from the passage about gesture - speech mismatches ? Instructors make full use .	'Teachers can hardly explain new concepts without them .
Which is possibly the age category of the masters swimming competition ? 95 99 years old .	'82 to 87 years old .
The general ordered his men to look teeth buy	'make all the shops stop selling teeth
What can we infer   from the passage ? At last student nothing eat supper .	'Both of the parents had no chickens to eat at last .
After reading the passage , we might feel that Americans seem to be     . unhappy taxes	'satisfied with their taxes
What can help you study better ? Studying quiet place .	'Only studying before the exam .
According to the passage we can conclude that further researches should be made to study possible influences brain development organization	'study how children learn to read and write 
The author seems to agree with the view that good reading helpful improving listening	'everyone should listen to VOA or BBC programs every day
Which of the following questions is NOT answered in the article ? Why writer decide go Italy holiday ?	'How did the writer prepare for his trip ?
What is the main idea of the passage ? The lady fights obesity students .	'The lady introduces health drinks .
About the incident , we know that Mr. Popple moved difficulty loss energy	'The three men were badly injured
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? Process praise beneficial long run .	"""Praise is good for children 's development ."
The following statements are all the factors reducing the population of tigers EXCEPT that people live far tigers live	"'making money drives some people to hunt tigers', ""tigers ' food chain is being destroyed"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? About 30 % medicinal species risk dying .	'Medicinal plants are mainly used to treat cancers .
L. H. Gray would like to see advertising officially forbidden televised sport	'cigarette advertisements made illegal
The following statements about what Gomez did after Yousafzai 's death are true EXCEPT that formed band honor Yousafzai	"'she shared stories about the girl with fans', ""she used Yousafzai 's face as her Facebook icon"
Professor Vallortigara 's study focused on the relationship between dog 's state mind direction tail wagging	"""a dog 's state of mind and its owner 's feeling"
According to Charlie Morris we can know that highly processed food reduced daily life	'mothers should prepare delicious food by themselves
We can know from the passage that writer thought Robby given piano lessons	"""the writer thought students should n't begin playing the piano too early"
From the passage we can infer that large organizations usually troublesome official rules	"'the bank could solve the problem soon and easily with the red tape', ""Daniel did n't know the error until he contacted the author"
"The best title for this passage would be ""   What Is Happiness ?"	'How to Get Happiness
From what Sheila Aaker said in the passage , we can tell colleges offer online courses - campus students	'business is the most popular major in universities
The girl 's father took her to the kitchen to tell face difficulties	'ask her how to boil eggs
How does Xia beg in the street ? He reads thinks standing street .	'He begs on his knees in the street .
What did the clock shop owners tell the author ? They could make clock electronic .	'The parts that the clock needed were electronic .
What is the passage mainly about ? The importance confidence success	"""The influence of confidence on one 's life ."
The writer of this passage wants to give us introduction Guinness Book Records	'tell us the strangest records in the world
These findings are worrying clubs because players ' oral disease may lead bad performance games	"""footballers are n't willing to give up sugary or acidic food"
Which of the following is the most popular ? The Louvre .	'The Guggenheim Museum Bilbao .
""" Open the tin and stand in hot water for five minutes "" means open tin let stand hot water 5 minutes"	'you should open the tin and stand in hot water for 5 minutes
From the passage , we can learn that Cassatt became famous painter mothers children .	'was supported by her parents when she wanted to be an artist .
In the opinion of the west , the dragon is terrible animal popular	"'a cultural and spiritual symbol of good luck', ""a reflection of China 's national characteristics"
What is NOT true about the Rennsteig ? The route changed traditional one safe longer .	'It has much less participants than the London Marathon in 2014 .
Peter Jackson was born October 31,1961 , New Zealand	'on November 21 
What is the most important according to the writer ? The kind caring children .	'A pocket filled with money .
The level of the snowfall depends on direction wind	'the size of the lake
Which of the following statements is probably NOT true according to the news ? You may get information faulty cars website AQSIQ .	'Toyota will release its improvements on faulty cars in less than a month .
According to the author 's definition of culture , items culture taken granted people	'a culture should be accepted and maintained universally
What was the other passengers ' attitude towards the lady ? They disliked looked upon black man .	'They liked her very much because she was a rich lady .
The mountain climbers survived because ledge loose snow	'they had fallen only 500 feet down
Which of the following is NOT true ? The balloon began go threw bags sand basket .	'The three men started their journey before the sun rose .
According to the study , Men concentrate functions Facebook	'Much more men use Facebook than women
Why does the author mention the old Romans in this article ? To indicate human beings today bloodthirsty old Romans .	'To reveal that the old Romans first started violent sports .
Which of the following statements is TRUE to the passage ? Sometimes enjoy sports events like take part , .	'The popular British saying mentioned in the passage has familiar doing in other countries .
"The word "" home "" sometimes has no exact translation because may different meaning different people 's eyes"	"""people ca n't find this word in the dictionary"
What 's cosplay according to the passage ? When cosplaying , comic fans wear costumes pretend favourite comic characters .	'Cosplay is a kind of performance in which you play a Curarpikt .
Which of the following reasons supports the fact that the assistant was not willing to sell her the dress ? The assistant n't think woman could afford dress .	"'The assistant hated to see women dressed in blue jeans .', ""The woman did n't really want to buy the dress ."
The chicken salad is different because the writer 's family puts green olives different relish	'green olives and chicken
It is likely that Al Gore concerned threat global warming	"""holds that human does n't cause global warming"
"From the passage , we can conclude that hear language Manuel documentary "" Lengua Muerta """	'altogether 365 languages are becoming extinct in the world
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? Jack Broughton created kind gloves paddling boxers .	'The first boxing champion was James Figg from Scotland .
Why is it dangerous to introduce a non - native species to a habitat ? Native species likely die new diseases .	"""It 's hard for non - native species to survive ."
What can we know about the four tourist attractions ? Barcelona FC Museum attract football fans .	'Sagrada Familia is the largest building in Barcelona .
The author 's father kissed the author good night because     realized mistake courage admit	'he promised to study math harder
Why is the new kind of robots called mobile robots ? Because they can move around programmed work	'guard factories 
Who is Buddy Bench created for ? Students left playground .	'Students who love games and activities .
What is the best title for the passage ? The Silk Road ; East Meets West	'The Silk Road ; Past and Present
"By saying "" The pattern of vehicle crime has changed "" , Martyn Randall suggests that self - prepared tools longer enough car theft [ : & & ]"	'it takes a longer time for the car thief to do the stealing
What did David Bond and Thomas Godwin have in common ? They took part team event .	'The 1948 Olympics meant little to them .
The report intends to help foreign students learn education America	'advertise for American colleges and universities
What is mainly discussed in the text ? Opposite opinions clothesline drying .	'Clothesline drying : a way to save energy and money .
The change in the 2016 's SAT college entrance exam include the following EXCEPT that students tested wide range math concepts	"'students will use calculators if they get stuck in certain math questions', ""some words that are uncommonly used wo n't appear in the exam"
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? The future robots feeling enjoying war .	"'The future robots containing a camera can film whatever they have seen .', ""The future robots can read and copy human 's facial expression ."
What would be the best title for the text ? College students learn give back	'How to become a college student
Why are drifting bottles used ? To find direction current	'To determine the position of a ship
What was the author 's problem ? He found course difficult understand .	'His father refused his request of returning home .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Brief introduction Test Center	'Frequently asked questions about the Test Center
What does n't happen during Homecoming Day ? Listening concert .	'Having a football game .
According to this passage most of the jobs can be done by using computer	'attending computing courses
What is the main cause of child deaths ? Environmental problems .	'Polluted water .
The best title of this passage should be Married Children Paves Way Happiness	'Children Are the Source of Happiness
According to the text , the food bank is a place helps poor people live crisis	'where people can get food randomly
This advertisement is trying to inform people exchanging lid	'introduce a new type of mugs
It can be inferred from the passage that royal family n't pay taxes	'the British people are all in favor of the royal family
What is the best title of the passage ? The rise Toyota	"""The world 's largest automaker"
"According to the passage , what does "" secular plays""mean here ? Plays connected thechurch ."	'Plays that deal with the lives of the great .
The best title of the passage is How make better decision	'How to choose a better job
If you want to start a noodle shop , you should research noodles	'expect people to show much interest
How is the situation for the black in the U.S. in 1955 ? They treated unfairly .	'They had no rights to take a bus .
What is the author 's purpose of writing this article ? To make people aware importance nature balance	'To tell the beauty and ugliness of Mexico City
We can infer from the passage Starbucks effect development coffee culture	'Starbucks has beaten all the competitors
If you want to ski for four hours on weekdays , how much money will you pay at least ? 138 yuan .	'200 yuan .
Why did Lieutenant Colonel Boyd order the writer to write to his mother ? Because Cross informed author 's failure write .	'Because he got a letter of complain from the mother .
The story is mainly about fight disaster brought locusts West Africa	'Countries in West Africa worked together to fight a natural disaster
"Mr. Jones always said , ""    I like coat"	'No 
What do we know about Reading Recovery ? Children project showed noticeable progress reading .	'An evaluation of it will be made sometime this year .
What should you do if you find your personal possessions lost on board ? Contact airline 's representatives .	'Submit a claim to the company .
The purpose of doing the experiment is help people judge mood dogs	'to train dogs for their owners
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? To make money root developers working new games .	'Ten percent of online games users are over 30 .
The author mentioned the asteroid that led to the dinosaurs ' dying out to alert people possible danger objects falling space	'show that asteroids fall from space frequently
According to the passage , which of the following statements is right ? Some favor attaching less importance English exams .	'The TV program Writing in Chinese is very popular at present .
What Professor Bray says in this passage means that students Asia go private tutors	'the number of school leavers is increasing
Quicksand is mass fine sand mixed water	'found below subsurface water
The doctor asked the young man count numbers lying bed	'to count numbers before he went to bed
Which of the following is NOT TRUE ? In South Africa , schools n't serve meals .	'Parents in Japan are invited to taste the food twice a year .
Which of the following is TRUE about the findings of the study ? It help building small flying instruments .	'It popularised flying snakes .
What can be the best title for the text ? A reporter sticking facts .	'A reporter challenging President Kennedy .
What causes the awkwardness between Uber drivers and their customers ? There specific policy Uber follow .	"'Customers take advantage of the new grey area for tipping .', ""It 's up to customers to decide the drivers ' earnings ."
Leonardo da Vinci made designs flying machines	'said that man would fly in the sky one day
What 's the response of the website after they received the letter ? The website answered enthusiastically , reasonably suggestibly .	'The website responded to his letter indifferently .
This article is mainly about new way learn math	'how to learn math well
Behavior therapy in this case aims at helping compulsive spenders buy less	'helping businessmen to increase their business
Why does n't Mother Hen give any bread to her children ? Because n't anything .	"""Because they are n't at home ."
What might be the most suitable title for the passage ? Can catch lost sleep ?	'Can you have a good sleep ?
We can know from the passage that European company going dig nickel	'the dam project has been prevented
Which of the following is true about the novel ? The characters vividly described .	'The story takes place in the city of London .
The author implies in the passage that paying children housework good	"""a child 's initiative can be developed if he or she is paid for all the housework"
Which of the following do you think is the best title for his passage God Will Help Me	'A Man in Floods
Which of the following is not true about these creatures ? Land hermit crabs allergic tasty .	'Chinchillas are originally mountain animals .
At the time of its fall , the Bastille housed prisoners	'a large number of prisoners
To see a small thing at night , we need to look slightly different direction	'with wide open eyes
When he receives any boy 's poor work , my grandfather will    shout throw across room	"""throw his students ' books and shout in the room ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? The iron - steel bridge collapsed soon came use .	"""The iron - steel bridge did n't come into use until it collapsed ."
What 's the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To present argument field social science .	'To call our attention to the changes of human behavior .
"The sentence "" TV also helps to open our minds "" means :    help us get knowledge"	'our minds can only be opened by TV
Which of the following can be inferred in the passage ? The program expected equal effect every student .	"""It 's more difficult to create songs for science and maths lessons ."
It can be inferred from the passage that an important reason for the decision of the United States to build a canal was to reduce travel time ships case war	'improve relations with South American countries
What 's the best title of the passage ? Phone - rage   judge	'Judge 
It can be inferred from the passage that writer 's mother already sixties received doll	'the writer asked one of her friends to make the doll for her mother
When the neighbour reported that the judge 's cow had killed his , the judge answered that neither cow owner responsible	'a cow was responsible
The study is beneficial to know young brain deals information objects	'whether babies can remember features of hidden objects
What is discussed in this passage ? The skills modern advertising .	'The content of modern advertising .
Why did Bob feel that his life was boring ? Because felt job always .	'Because the weather changed each day .
Which of the following statements is true ? The organizers , stars people worked benefit n't get money .	"'Four major U.S. television networks broadcast the benefit', 'The former heavy weight champion Muhammad Ali sang a song to show his support', 'Billy Joel ', "" wearing a firefighter 's hat "
The Novel Prize is awarded for those made valuable contributions society .	'who have had much experience in promoting world peace .
What kind of things would Littleton Youth Club like to collect ? Old furniture second - hand electrical equipment .	'Hot food and storybooks .
We know from the passage that Levi Strauss sold jeans first store	'was the first person who wore jeans .
What would be the best title for the text ? Graduates pick work instead taking advanced degrees .	'Graduates take advanced degrees instead of picking work
The example of the keys and soap is given to explain the relationship between memory association	'memory lapse and human brain
What does Amy Chua think of training a child 's talent ? She says strict way train child 's talent	"""She says that being soft is the best way to train a child 's talent"
The purpose of the passage is draw visitors summer 2010	'to describe the beauty of SeaWorld San Diego
In what way is the new material better than previous materials ? It works quickly effectively .	'It works using any kind of light .
More and more young athletes are taking part in extreme sports because people want risk excitement	"""it 's impossible to go back to have riding or skiing"
We can learn from the text that way managing money reflection value belief	'we spend money because we have earned it
According to scientific studies , girls avoid maths social reasons	'are afraid of maths because they are the weaker sex
What is the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To encourage us change habit thinking .	'To tell people some facts of our thoughts .
Which of the following is TRUE about the truants in England recently ? There boy truants girl truants .	'The police can not stop girl truants .
Why did Holt go to the baby sign language workshop ? To better understand babies ' needs .	'To help babies with language problems .
What do we know about the offender ? He quieted phone hearing people 's angry shouts .	'He silenced the phone the moment he was reminded to .
What can be inferred from the passage ? Kyle MacDonald successful Steven terms swapping .	"'A schoolmate encouraged Steven to trade online .', ""Steven learned a lot from his father 's negotiation skills ."
Brumbaugh kneels on the ground before climbing trees to Show respect tree	'beg for the safety of climbing
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? Plants Fight back Poisons	'Plants Can Kill Animals
It can be known from the study that women likely suffer damaging effects smoking men .	'in the group of people under the age of 60 
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Greek Roman names must used American food students may cook .	'Greek myths or the songs that will be performed are rewritten by the teachers .
If you have a holiday in December , and intend to stay in a European - style hotel , you may go to Montelago Village Lake Las Vegas	'Mammoth Hot Springs Hotel
The results found if a child ate a leading processed food diet when he was 3 , he would lower IQ whether improved diet	'have a higher IQ
What can we learn from this article ? We protect environment instead destroying .	'People prefer to live under the sea in 2050 .
In the writer 's dream , what part of the house attracted him most ? The liveliness felt around house .	'The sloping roof of the house .
Why did Oliver Robinson refuse to stay on the farm ? He hoped something challenging rewarding .	'He was fed up with a hard farm life .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Sydney loves woman n't love .	'Charles is as brave and able as Sydney .
Why was the writer anxious ? He feeling anxious turning thirty .	"""He did n't see his old friend Nicholas ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? Plant spirit trust others create valuable memories .	"""The author thinks the relationship with his daughter is so simple that he ca n't describe with plenty of words ."
Which of the following is Mr. Morris 's opinion ? Elephants eat marula fruit rotten .	'Elephants prefer mangoes to the marula fruit .
He put his happiness into yellow box	'the red box
We can learn from the passage that His grandson thought Rockefeller long life regimented lifestyle .	'the American rowing team beat the Canadian team in less than 16 seconds in 1924 .
The boss told John and Bobby to go to find anyone selling watermelon in the market in order to make John find differences two .	'show watermelons were in great need on the market
What problem should people pay attention to when going ice fishing ? Taking care lines poles	'Waiting for the fish more patiently
Which of the following is NOT the advantage of installing water meters ? They 're installed free .	"'Water consumption drops .', ""It 's fairer to pay for water ."
Which is NOT the key to success that successful people share ? Controlling things life .	'Taking responsibility for their life .
"How would you understand "" fish scientists are now lending their ears "" ? They interested Thorrold 's research findings ."	'They want to know where they can find fish .
From the passage , we can see that jazz started blacks America	'is a kind of African music
According to the passage , people are advised keep wild parrots pets	'to treat wild and caged parrots equally
What is the main concern of man on the fourth level ? The mental satisfaction better .	'The more goods the better .
Dr. Lucy Cheke 's words indicate that higher BMI negative influence memory extent	"""it 's high time that they provided suggestions on dealing with obesity"
From the first passage , we can learn that people begin care women 's life	'experts encourage women to take paying jobs .
According to the passage , what was the popular image of Wal - Mart ? It sold low priced goods friendly atmosphere .	'It sold clothes to high scale retailers .
Why does the writer describe his meeting with the old man ? To show course life story changed .	'To show how wise the old man was .
What 's the main reason why millionaires show great love for their dogs ? Pet dogs show unconditional love owners .	'They can afford the high expense to raise pet dogs .
What do you learn from the passage ? People different traditional foods celebrate different festivals .	'New Year begins from January 10 \n thin Japan
What is the best title for the passage ? The Origin Development Square Dancing	'The Different Steps of Square Dancing
Working on the old building , Yocum and Bell pulled rubbish roof	'presented a slow - motion show in an art gallery
Visiting Granny on Sundays was a terrible experience because writer well raised required pretend	'Granny continually warned the writer to be on her best behavior
We can learn from the passage that necessary kids eat different foods nutrients	'it is necessary for one to exercise if he needs more vitamins
Which of the sentence is NOT true ? Bush students Qinghua discussed something make China richer stronger .	'Bush think bilateral contacts and mutual understanding will promote Sino - U.S. relations .
What is the passage mainly about ? Whether books schooI libraries .	'Whether students should read certain books or not .
In order to guarantee your future job , which kind of courses will you choose according to the survey ? Engineering Chemistry	'History or Math
What can you leam from the passage ? The writer n't take part big marathon .	"""The writer did n't lose any weight in the end ."
If you shop online , you save time	'have to buy expensive things
According to the passage , being completely relaxed before a test also harmful person 's performance test	'helps a student to perform better in the test
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Mistakes treated correct attitude .	"'We can never avoid making mistakes when we work .', ""Success ca n't be achieved without making mistakes ."
Which is NOT good for improving memory according to the passage ? All work play .	'Healthy food .
Why had Dave created a computer file named Fishing Trip ? Because afraid would forget things needed	'Because he would have so much fish to catch .
What do the people on the bus usually see at one corner ? A dog greets maid merrily follows house .	'A little dog coming close to the bus when it stops .
Which of the following is RIGHT according to the article ? Miss Green wants kids positive   life	'Miss Green likes white .
Why is the author against the idea of putting a dog in the Christmas stocking as a Christmas gift ? Because children take dogs seriously .	"'Because these dogs can still cause damage .', ""Because children do n't like to have dogs as Christmas gifts ."
It 's clearly seen from the passage that readers get kinds information without leaving home	'it takes long for the service of the magazine to be updated
This passage mainly tells us something about    . inventor robot girlfriend .	'how to make a new robot .
The main purpose of this passage is to remind people wisely use social media	'share experiences in using social media
If you want to make your English better , which programs will you choose ? British Study Tours Summer Australia .	'Holiday Programs in Germany and British Study Tours .
The purpose of the passage is to attract qualified students	'introduce the SMU MBA programme
"The proper title for this passage should be ""     British Further Education"	'Changes in British Education
The parrot would talk when people pulled strings legs	'people came into the pet store
Teachers like the digital search tools because they can    make learning exciting	'help students find answers easily
From the passage , we can learn that Podcast origin traditional radio broadcasts .	'Radio is developing more quickly than mediums with images 
When writing an article , Westerners usually announce point start	'generally state their point in the middle
Which of the following is NOT true ? The writer always calls friends gets home .	'The writer enjoys living in the e - age .
Which of the following ie TRUE ? Ellen 's mother happy .	"""Ellen 's mother only likes expensive ( gifts ."
From the passage we can infer that students n't need key unlock device	'students must use the mouse to operate the device
Before the experiment arrived at a conclusion , people had thought that the flowers    would change usual time open	'would never open in darkness
Deciding on a particular credit , you do not have to consider possibility loss money	'the amount of credit granted
What does the passage mainly discuss ? How teach child money	"""How to develop a child 's early habits ."
Which living things can use the sun 's energy directly ? Plants .	'Animals .
A printing machine can help us print lot books	'invent many machines
Which of the following sprouts taste good whether they are long or short ? Soybean sprouts	'Sunflower sprouts
According to the passage , the phoenix never really existed world	'is a handsome and eagle - like bird living in Arab
According to the text , a housewife with a baby less than one year old may work 90 hours week	'66 hours a week
Which of the following do you think is right ? The writer passage must American .	"""American business people do n't want presents because they are rich enough ."
Doctor medicine practiced around 2,400 years	'has a longer history than folk medicine
Their finding has discovered that everyone dreams every night	'dreams are easily remembered
How did the elephants react to smell in the study ? They frightened ran away smelled enemies .	'They attacked a man with the smell of new clothing .
What message did the researcher intend to convey to parents ? They see children adequate sleep .	'They should make sure their children are always punctual for school .
What are the major factors that determine the success of Asian Americans ? A solid foundation basic mathematics Asian culture .	"""Parents ' help and a limited knowledge of English ."
Robert Maurer wrote a book to tell us change one 's life one small step	'we should do everything in big steps
From the passage we can infer that the author thinks bicycle rental systems great	"""does n't agree the idea of bicycle rental system"
What will Angela Browning agree with ? Proper rest time improves children 's learning efficiency .	'Kids of five years old had better get more break time .
What is the main idea of this passage ? sea turtles battle nursing grounds	'sea turtles head for the beach for vacations
Children need ten hours ' sleep	"""two hours ' exercise"
We learn from the text that second time Abraham Lincoln chosen America 's greatest president	"""Edna Medford did n't take part in the study conducted in 2000 ."
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Raising pets online popular among teenagers .	"""It 's bad to raise pets online ."
From the passage , we can learn that plant vegetables balconies	'all vegetables need a lot of sun to grow
One morning Jimmy 's father was surprised because Jimmy came back early school	"""Jimmy 's school was closed"
The dream of Mattie Stepanek was to work world peace	'find a cure 
It can be inferred from this passage that necessary international students make friends Americans	'international students go to Americain order to improve their English
Thoes who want more economic growth believe that continued economic growth     .is essential well - society whole	'can provide the solution to many of our social problems today
Which of the following is NOT true of Charlie Kitchin 's words ? 40 black - tailed godwits live Nene Washes .	'Drought has so far continued for two winters .
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? The Years Books	"'Books and TV Programs', ""Do n't Judge a Book by Its Cover"
The writer of this passage wants to tell us judge person 's intelligence appearance	'not to judge a book by the cover
"Why are so many people interested in these books beginning with titles "" How to . . . "" ? Because people want deal kinds problems well ."	"'Because life has become so difficult .', ""Because people have n't much free time to use ."
If a soccer fan wants to stay up all night to watch two World Cup semi - finals , it may help if banks sleep advance	'he keeps taking a nap for a week
We can learn from the text that Barbie popular girls age ten	'has rarely changed its image since its birth 50 years ago
Which of the following best states Donal Trollop 's idea ? There many reasons going Mars .	'There is a plan to send humans to Mars .
The lesson the writer learned in her marriage is one ca n't rely someone else make happy	'she can depend on her husband to find happiness
Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? You buy code unlock demo time , downloading .	'After you download the demo mode 
What is the passage mainly about ? Children miss pleasures reading good book modern life .	"""Parents should set a limit to their children 's using electric devices at home ."
Which of the following I NOT the writher 's advice ? Everyone Yangzhou speak English .	'English should be added in interesting places .
What do we know about Pulguksa Temple ? It took 20 years build .	'It is the largest temple in the world .
According to the passage , the wise way to deal with slug problem is that we should sacrifice plants keep semi - decayed plant matter food slugs	'apply as many kinds of commercial repellents as possible to the plant roots
Which sentence is right ? ( ? ) They play basketball .	'Barry likes to watch TV .
Tom goes into the park because he n't want make mother worried	'is thinking how to tell his mother about it
We can infer from the passage that rescue caught world 's attention	'all the trapped miners are Chileans
Where did many Cubans line up to pay their final respects to Fidel Castro on Monday ? Near Havana 's Plaza Revolution .	'In Cuban Television Station .
Anyone who wants to be a junior swim instructor should     11 - 14 years old	'pay the instructor by the hour
Some of the lawmakers are opposed to the proposed measure to require paid leave because they think reduces employees ' working time	"""it will add companies ' cost of training new employees"
It can be inferred from the passage that students ' self - respect also improve happiness	'the students just took the course as a laughing matter
Why do people want to bring the children from Ukraine to the U.S. during the summer ? The amount radiation summer .	"""Children do n't go to school during the summer ."
Why was the Man sad and cried ? Because Cat dying .	'Because he had to give the cat away and bring back a new cat .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? Ashesi earned millions dollars left Microsoft .	'Ashesi has offered five degrees since it was founded .
What do you know about Amy Chua 's husband ? He parenting style	'He approved of her parenting style
What did veterans use to do in the 1980s and 1990s ? Be main labor resource .	'Refuse to find jobs .
"When the writer says""Zidane has always kept his feet on the ground"",he means Zidane - earth person"	'Zidane spends more time standing than sitting most days
According to Tian Litie , we know that Chinese students study abroad younger age	'more and more Australian universities are open to Chinese students
What is the author 's firm belief ? People seek nature different ways .	'People should spend most of their lives in the wild .
What 'S the best title of the passage ? Polluted air damages plants crops	"'Air pollution is becoming more serious', ""China 's air pollution and climate changes"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? The education system helps develop English language .	'Most of Indians speak English rather than Hindi .
Which of the following is the most important according to the passage ? Plants .	'Animals .
Which of the following is true ? The rise tuition fees effect applications .	'The application for universities is on a rise continuously .
The purpose of The HOPE IS A GAME - CHANGER PROJECT is to offer kids help change lives	'send ball gifts to kids in poor countries
"Which of the following is TRUE about the book "" Disrupting Class "" ? It written one author ."	"""It thinks the computer affects students ' studies ."
Television sport programs on weekend afternoons    bring money television networks	'result in more sport event
Which of the following sentences can explain the meaning of language intuition ? Ability use foreign language without thinking	'Ability to understand a foreign language
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The number people suffering high blood pressure fallen since 1980 .	'Obesity has been reducing since 1980 .
People of different levels of learning can surf FreeRice because adjusts player 's level vocabulary	'it offers a large vocabulary
Sally and Rob adopted the two children mainly because could n't children	"""they knew the children 's background very well"
As a member of the Book - of - the - Month Club , you need pay 120 dollars every year	'can buy any books in the Book Nook at a low price
The darkest moments in the writer 's family were with the fact that problems picking suitable Christmas trees	'the family bought big Christmas trees
We can infer from the passage that friends understand	"""you ca n't call your friend by his name"
The scientists and experts did the experiment by scanning readers ' brain activities	'reading works of different writers
The traveler sat by the seed 's side to rest enjoy shade	'talk with the big tree
What can be said about Edward Aldrin ? He sent moon Apollo 11 .	"'He landed on the moon alone .', ""He did n't notice the gravity of the moon ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? To grow eat vegetables harm environment .	'To make and eat meat requires a great deal of energy .
What is the final decision of Edinburgh and Midlothian councils ? To set plant burning waste .	'To open a new landfill nearby .
What can we infer from the ending of the passage ? The author adopted old man 's dog .	"""The author refused the old man 's request ."
It is most unlikely for people who study folklore to criticize old beliefs superstitions silly childish	'collect as many records of old beliefs and practices as possible
What do you know about the Grand Canal Road ? The surface road needed repairing two weeks .	'An accident happened there and the traffic was diverted .
We can infer from the passage that wind farms take much farming land	'wind farms need no fuel because wind is free
What is the author 's main purpose in writing the text ? To report expansion project Panama Canal .	'To introduce the history of the Panama Canal .
What is the passage mainly about ? Tea break plays important role people 's life Britain .	'Tea Breaks can not make people more active at work .
Which of the following is NOT true , according to passage ? You must measure man 's strength power feelings conquer .	'The first and best of victories for a man is to conquer himself .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The lecturer expected sweat would suddenly appear volunteers fear .	'Three pigs were included in the experiment .
The building of a Disney park in Shanghai remains discussed The Walt Disney Co.	'has been agreed to by The Walt Disney Co.
How will people feel when they are joked about ? They upset matter kind joke .	'They will feel happy if the joke is a pleasant one .
We can know from the passage that still felt bit unsatisfied conditions n't poor enough	'many people have been kept in such a prison at least three times
The author was worried the day Tonio started his kindergarten , because Tonio might spend much time Sam	'Tonio might not do well with his study
Which of the following is true ? French workers take one Three - - four week days .	'Some American workers are too busy to leave their work .
What does the author think about the relationship between language and thinking ? The ability use language enhances one 's capacity thinking .	'Words and thinking match more often than not .
What idea did the writer intend to tell us in this passage ? Love takes long period .	'Love gets along without richness .
Dr. Crutchfield suggests that after receiving a concussion , young players should stop playing sport	'never head the ball
What do we know about C.J. 's Bus ? It travels place offer help disaster hits .	'It is a school bus that can take children to travel .
According to the passage , college students know fight campus	"""need n't learn from those who went to college before them"
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Reese Oscar Walk Line .	"""Freeway was Reese 's big break ."
The best title for this passage would be A man 's Bottle Message Found After His Death	'A Ridiculous and Unbelievable Bottle Message
What is the most important rule when serving tea to others ? Not make cup full .	'Clean the teapot with boiling water .
We can learn from the passage that people get infected disease mentally disturbed	'big drug companies play an important role in the research of the new drug
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The baby deer dying lack water .	'Cows had stopped giving milk because they were old .
Many listeners were surprised when they heard the Carter Family 's singing because family sang something never heard	'the family did not seem to be good at singing
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? The Friendship Bench different others arm sets .	"""Acacia has also suffered from other kids ' bullying ."
What did the old man have in his garden ? An orange tree	'The king
According to the Kaiser Poll , which of the following is NOT correct ? More people die AIDS .	"'The country is making progress against AIDS .', ""AIDS drugs still can not save people 's lives ."
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Many new crevasses form crevasse filled .	"""Other crevasses wo n't appear if a crevasse has been filled ."
Why do some big companies want to join in Second life ? They want promote products widely .	'They want to experience life in the made - up reality .
Noah 's group , A Case for Dignity aims helping foster kids belongings	'helps foster kids carry belongings
From the passage we can learn that foods chemical substances	'natural foods are much safer than man - made ones
what would be the best title for the text ? Slogan And Brand	'Famous slogans
What does Thomas Edison possibly mean in his remarks ? It 's hard AI beat human brain .	'AI would take the place of human beings .
"Americans still say , "" Go west , young men . "" because . live hard life grow men"	'in the west there is a prison
"By saying "" Passion results in creation "" , the author means she painted many pieces nine years"	'decided to visit exhibitions of young artists
Building a Computer Search Engine free course provided Internet	'is mainly for students from American universities
What is the main idea of the passage ? Multitasking often leads efficiency decline .	'Multitasking has become a way of life .
While visiting York Minster , the visitors can enjoy treasure house 800 years stained glass	'have sweeping views of York and countryside
"This passage is mainly about different understandings term "" health """	'improving the quality of life
According to the research , better sit four hours single bout	'the more time you spend in exercising in a single bout 
What do we know about the giant flashlight fish ? It found coral reefs times .	"""It does n't like living in warm places ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? A break earth 's crust California called San Andreas Fault .	'All of the supplies in the emergency kit will last at most 3 days .
What may be the best title for the passage ? Local Pub Culture Britain	'Manners in British Local Pubs
We can infer from the spokeswoman 's words that    Family members dependable financial support needed	'Being ambitious is a must to achieve certain things
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Brooklyn Children 's Museum oldest children 's museum world .	"""Austin Children 's Museum is the largest of its kind"
Which one do you believe according to the passage ? Women played important part agriculture .	'Women are better and cleverer than men .
What can be inferred from the fact of the traffic accidents in New Jersey ? The legal drinking age raised .	'Young drivers were usually bad .
Uhl 's survey on technology usage showed that many students felt annoyed others phones	"'students liked to play games together on their cell phones', ""some students felt that they could n't live without cell phones"
Which would be the best title of the passage ? Five cities race 2012 Games .	'The advantages of the five cities .
Which of the following is TRUE about the book ? It help deaf people know world easily .	'It is the first world encyclopedic dictionary .
What 's the text mainly about ? How stay focused studying .	'The advantages of staying focused .
Which group of children did the worst in tests of language skills ? The children depressed mothers cared little children .	'The children of women who did not suffer from depression .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? A person anger problem gets angry often easily .	'Anger is an secondary emotion that makes people sad and stressed .
Which of the following is NOT true about hemophilia ? People hemophilia n't physical damage lead normal lives .	'It is caused by a fault gene and is passed from parents .
Which of the following is NOT TRUE ? It never late plant trees paper .	'If we keep on wasting paper 
The five most common cancer forms among women in Shanghai are Breast , colorectal , lung , gastric thyroid cancers	'Breast 
Which of the following statements is NOT against Bowlby 's theory ? Parents find immediate effects early day care difficult deal .	"'Day care is safe ', "" otherwise there would n't be so many nursery schools ."
From the passage it is known that you can make good friends spend time around people	'only if you have a lot of common interests with people
Gaseous pollutants from ships mentioned in the passage include     sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxide carbon dioxide	'sulfate 
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Tourism fastest growing industry countries .	'People may take a trip to the nearby mountains or beaches to relax at the weekends .
Which of the following statements is not true ? Researchers n't suppose certain vegetables keep men 's minds sharp	"""There 're both advantages and disadvantages in limiting calories in animals"
Why are some restaurants willing to sell bottled water ? Bottled water brings huge profits .	'Most diners find bottled water affordable .
It can be inferred from the text that Gregorian calendar scientific Caesar 's	"'the earth circles the sun in exactly 365 days', ""Pope 's calendar has been used for 3"
From the text , we can conclude that Ralph Steinman tried different therapies containing dendritic cell	'discovered a new type of cancer cell called the dendritic cell
Which of the following is not true ? If king killed Effendi , would die two days later .	"'Effendi played a joke on the Minister', ""Effendi did n't know when the king would die ."
What message does the writer try to deliver through this passage ? Obama 's decision agrees fact economic freedom grows political freedom .	"'President Obama is making a wrong move opening to Cuba .', ""Marco Rubio is making a mistake criticizing Obama 's normalization policy ."
The passage mainly tells us four best fashion apps help organize closet	'how to use these fashion apps
Which of the following is the author most likely to agree with ? Milk drinking first started Central Europe .	'Milk drinking first started in Northern Europe .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The author wife grateful parents done .	'The jar again in the bedroom reminded themselves of the hard years .
What would be the best title for this passage ? Terraforming Mars .	'Saving the Earth
What is the best title of this passage ? Get healthy animal helpers	'Be kind to animals
Why do teachers oppose the students ' leaving school and working as apprentices ? The government urges teachers concentrate academic subjects .	'The students are only wasting time working as apprentices .
The aim of the experiment in 2009 was to find whether later classes improve exam results	"""test how students ' body clocks work"
We can learn from the passage that Nyad began swim Cuba Florida 60 years old	'has given up the dream of swimming across the Florida Straits
Who can become the Home - coming Queen or King ? The students popular students .	'The teachers who are kind to the students .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Their teachers fun .	'Peter studies six subjects at school .
What sort of underground systems are already here with us ? Tunnels , car parks , shopping areas .	'Gardens 
Which question is NOT answered in the article ? What writer 's parents say dropped ?	"""How was the writer 's life as a dropout ?"
What does the author intend to tell in the passage ? Jade Rabbit wakes begin moon mission .	'Jade Rabbit was put to sleep on the moon .
Why is playing beach volleyball much slower than playing regular volleyball ? Because easy move sand .	'Because beach volleyball has a larger court .
From the passage , we can know Peter Vesterbacka works Angry Birds Company	'Angry Birds is only popular with young people
How did the man help the boy ? He wrote new words sign .	'He gave the boy a lot of money .
Which of the following people probably have the hard - driving character ? People want control others strong need better others .	"'People who usually think of others and get along well with others .', ""People who do n't seem able to understand the simplest ideas ."
What is the purpose of the Missouri experiment ? To discover relation energy drinks ABT test results .	'To warn people of the dangers of drinking energy drinks .
""" Dinner , however , went to the other way "" means ""   Dinner different breakfast"	"'Dinner took the same way with breakfast', ""Dinner did n't go there with breakfast"
Although we like eating peanuts , many of us do n't know peanuts belong to    pea	'the nut
Which of the following is NOT true , according to the text ? Lavender grow along equator .	"'Wild lavender can be found in North Africa .', ""Lavender 's oil is used in cosmetics ."
The author mentions Harlow 's experiment to show that babies need warm physical contact	'monkeys have social relationships
What can we infer from the passage ? Harry Potter books popular UK .	"""Liu Xiang won the men 's 60 m hurdle final at the Birmingham tournament ."
What would be the best title for the text ? Ice cream man spreads frozen magic	'A clanging bell in the distance
We can see from the text that The Warner Brothers expanded   business greatly since set .	"'The Warner Brothers has closed .', ""The CW does n't belong to the Warner Brothers ."
From the text we can learn that pages changed teach others learning English	'your articles have to be perfect 
The new regulation by the General Administration of Press and Publication may be aimed at banning use Chinglish	'simplifying the Chinese language
The great noise came from cat	'the Country mouse
"According to the passage , "" Question Box "" is a service intended to provide answers raised people access Internet"	'help improve the living standard of the people in poor areas
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Antonio likes food wants big lots energy .	'Kinzey finds it bad when people hurt themselves .
The main idea of the passage is about Queen keeps diet tours	"""the Queen 's favorite food"
What message is conveyed through the story ? Where , way .	"""Money ca n't buy everything ."
If you are applying for a USstudent visa for the first time , you may get visa 30 days advance	"'you may get your visa any time you like', ""you ca n't get your visa unless you have something to do with terrorists"
According to the passage , which of the following is true about the French billionaire ? He happy life young .	'Within a decade 
There are many kinds of vitamins , the most important of which are Vitamin A , B , Cand D	'Vitamin A
Which of the following statement is TRUE ? There much argument island Japan South Korea .	"""The Chinese led a boycott because Japan 's bid for a permanent seat in the U.N. Security Council ."
"Which is RIGHT according to   the passage ? "" Find pumpkin "" one games children Halloween parties ."	'All people around the world like Halloween .
Why ca n't you see light when you look at a black hole ? Because gravity black hole strong sucks light inward .	"'Most black holes are so far away .', ""Because as the star 's gases burn "
If you want to do sports in winter , which sports is popular ? Skating .	'Playing football .
The text is mainly about phone card collecting hobby	'the history of phone cards
The passage implies   that Americans many moral virtues courage , loyalty , confidence .	"'the story of "" The Good Samaritan "" tells that a kind man helps a poor traveler"
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? People never give purses presents England .	'It is very unlucky to walk under a ladder or put new shoes on the table in England .
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Tourists come Coober Pedy buy opal jewelry .	'People in Coober Pedy changed old mines into homes .
What can we learn from this story ? To good people important good - looking .	'To be good - looking is very important .
A hypnotist is supposed to be able to control people 's minds	"""patients ' bodies"
Which of the following is WRONG according to the writer ? Use paper cup brush teeth .	'Turn off the lights when you leave the room .
What of the following can be the best title of the passage ? The pleasure reading	'The ways to make reading fun
From the passage we can learn that Service Foods can do the following EXCEPT cook food picky kids	'provide natural and organic meat
"By saying "" to work is a blessing "" , the author 's father meant good thing job"	'it was hard to find a good job for kids
Smoking can affect the young from the following aspects   except Smoking make cool	'Smoking will do harm to their health
Which of the following is true according to the text ? The photos displayed microblogs might side effects .	'All the rumours have been spread through microblog .
Which of the following does the writer agree with ? Public transport n't considered time - wasting .	'Watching TV daily does no good but harm to you .
Which of the following changes would tourists to Silver City be most happy with ? There police officers duty .	'Travel books are provided in the new library .
The reason why the lion was made as the national animal of the United Kingdom was that could always used represent certain human characteristics England	'the Kings of England loved lions
According to the passage , Molly seems satisfied new arrangement	'will not run her business any more
Which of the following describes the main idea of the passage ? Computer errors basically human errors .	'Computers are stupid and inefficient .
When we write a letter in English , we should write the date top right corner	'At the beginning of the letter
It can be inferred from the passage that     A Christrwas Carol proved Dickens efficient writer	'Oliver Twist made Dickens first known to the public
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To advertise book	'To comment on popular lists
According to this passage , teen bloggers mostly write every day	'complain about parents and homework
What can we infer from the passage ? The new planet 's distance star decides possibility life existence .	'Life may exist on the new planet in another form .
In the letter Joe says that would stay away parents	"""his parents do n't know about music"
If you are sedentary , you spend longer hours sitting lying without moving	'have at least an hour of exercise outdoors 5 days a week .
The passage is written in order to inform people exchanging lid	'warn against the danger of using the mugs
How does the merchant change credit card sales into cash ? By giving bank authority charge .	'With the help of Consumer Credit Counseling Service .
If the president of a certain country comes , he will most probably stay suite modern hotel	'live in a new hotel
. The teachers tried to get girls boys dance together	'invite the girls to dance
What is the best title of the passage ? Build Health : Want To Prevent Diabetes ?	'Build Health : Why To Prevent Diabetes ?
"Which of the following may serve as the best title of the passage ? Open heart "" heart """	'A change of heart
Why did Carlos call Animals Control Service ? To take snake away .	'To get hold of the snake .
What can you learn from the passage   ? Jen goes shopping Sundays .	'Jen likes playing sports .
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Good Friend Heart	'Worried Heart Patients
Which is true according to the passage ? Americans value good character faith terms education .	'American parents seldom live with their children .
People called and emailed to offer help care Laurie Crouch .	"""offer a cure for Crouch 's disease ."
According to the passage , the following statements are True except Paul Hudson deliver speech London School Economics	'The oldest people surveyed is 70
The doctor tells Mrs Brown not to eat meat or cakes because meat cakes make fatter	'Mrs Brown likes them
The writer 's purpose for writing this article is to inform readers recent research .	'offer some suggestions on late night screen viewing .
At the end of the story , the porter played joke small man	'told the small man when he could catch the train
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Selene Gomez wore dress night March 29 , 2014 .	'Selene Gomez played a purple dinosaur in Barney and Friends .
Which is TRUE according to the passage ? It convenient drive cars Museum .	'The No.55 bus stop is the nearest to the Museum .
The author thinks the advice and warnings in Fifty Dangerous Things is practical children explore world safely	'too abstract for the children to understand
The public paid more attention to the smoker because sign put hearse grave	'he died of a lung disease without any treatment
What can we learn from the story ? Smiles brighten people .	'Comfort in traveling by train .
It can be inferred from the passage that pollution Earth makes impossible Venusians survive	'landing a manned flying saucer on Earth will be carried out soon
The writer 's chief argument against high heels is that harmful women 's health	'they create a threat to lawns
According to the passage , some rabbits can now be easily Uncovered by predators because they    n't adapted climate change	'have moved to habitats with fewer plants
It can be Inferred that degree window displays help people find jobs	'no companies show interest in the qualified job - seekers in the windows
Schaller followed Pierre in order to see anywhere wetsuit needed cut refit	'whether other penguins would reject him
What can we learn from the passage ? Some organisms experience population drop extinction climate changes .	'Economic development in tropics has increased less over the past 30 years .
Why did the writer quit the game a couple of years ago ? This passage n't tell us .	'Because he found much more fun from other games .
Which of the following conditions , you have to accept when hiring a car ? You accept terms car hire company 's Conditions Hire	"'When you hire a car from the company ', ' the driver will go together with you', ""It 's unnecessary for you to give invoices if you want to be repaid for repairs"
According to the Foreign Ministry spokesman , which of the following is NOT true ? The visit promote education cultural exchanges .	"""The visit would help deepen ties between the world 's two largest economies ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the text ? Mount Holyoke College taught women French .	'Teachers were poorly prepared in the 19th century .
In the story , what happened to the cocoon of the butterfly after the man 's help ? The butterfly could n't fly ever normally .	'The cocoon was broken and the butterfly died .
Why was kite - flying not a popular recreation among common people at first ? Because expensive make kites .	'Because they were too busy to fly kites .
The following facts describe the terrible working conditions of the plant EXCEPT working studying time	'getting no pay for lunch time
Why did Mark 's parents want the author to attend Mark 's funeral ? They wanted thank done Mark .	'They wanted her to see Mark for the last time .
Why did Elena want to help clean the lots ? Because wanted city build jogging trail .	'Because she wanted to play on the playground .
What did the lady do in the cafe ? She left kind waitress good tip .	'She told her story to the pregnant waitress .
This text is mainly about beaver 's engineering skills	"""the beaver 's lodge"
How can you learn about culture and history through music ? By caring expressed music .	'By writing down the names of the music .
What is the main cause mentioned in the article why people today suffer from a lot of new sicknesses ? Food quite different life today life ancient times .	'Ancient people did a great deal of physical exercise .
According to Petri Oinonen , we can learn disaster like sure happen loose gun laws	'the school shooting was really an unexpected event to him
What is confirmed by the study according to the passage ? Excessive use internet usually accompanies depression	'Depression leads to excessive use of Internet
Besides designing TinyDwelling homes , Lizzy also helped people build .	'urged people to buy them .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the material ? You send one picture Ask Contest .	'You can fax your picture to Ask Contest if you like .
Which of the following statements can be supported by the passage ? Neither walnuts animal brains really help increase mental power .	'Good marks only depend on regular brain foods .
The main cure for insomnia is get anxious sleeping	'reading a book at night
How can we tell if someone possibly lying ? If looks directly eye long .	'If he looks at you occasionally .
Why did the director hire John ? Because thought John 1earned appreciation .	'Because he thought John had a good education .
What Henry David Thoreau said implies that everyone able success	'most people lack the confidence to succeed
What 's the best title of this passage ? Seasons Moods	'Moods and Health
It takes the car - plane one minute to unfold wings flying	'fold and unfold its wings
Which of the following orders is right from higher to lower risk of having lung cancer ? African - Americans --- Latinos	'Whites --- Native Hawaiians .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? People low self - esteem less likely depend friends .	'People used to think that high self - esteem led to success .
What would be the best title for this text ? The Influence Television Movies	'The Reason Why People Watch Television and Movies
We can learn from the passage that output electric bikes expected increase least 80 percent coming five years	"'China will produce 9 million electricity - driven bikes in 2020', 'the central government of China wants to increase the amount of energy consumption', ""China is the world 's second biggest producer "
The author writes the article in order to let readers know primary teachers	'tell teachers how primary teachers guide students
The new - added Cambridge Dictionaries online are probably most suitable for middle school students	'English teachers
The true statement is that vegetables means cancers	'all cancers are related to lifestyle
According to the text , the teen travel programs can help you experience culture another country	'find a better way to learn a foreign language
Why did mom change her cooking way ? Because tried find cooking way suitable parents .	'Because she wanted to try a different taste .
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? The Day I Hugged Barack Obama .	"""You 're the Biggest Pizza Guy ."
We know that 's first time writer competition	"""you know a lot about biology if you 're good at forestry"
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To explain origin Swiss army knife .	'To introduce the functions of the Swiss army knife .
What do we know about the special message ? Someone saved friend .	'People were too busy to talk with others .
What 's the author 's purpose in writing this passage ? To advise us use mobile phones correctly .	'To tell us the disadvantages of using mobile phone .
How many students in the study got better grades ? About112 students brought drinks water exams .	'All the447 students who come from the University of East London .
What is the best title of the text ? Targeting Tracking With Smartphones	'Qia Wang 
Mike felt very happy because old lady 's smile like grandmother 's smile	'he gave the old lady some food and drinks
The author of the passage mentions Zheng He tell people China 's never enemies world peace	'to compare him to the great European explorers like Columbus
We can learn from the passage that Donald Trump theoldest president United States .	'Donald Trump is only successful in business field .
February 14 is chosen as Valentine 's Day because people want remember Valentine	'lovers express their tender emotions on this day
Why did the nurse take the Marine to the old man 's bed ? Because thought old man 's son .	"""Because he was the old man 's son ."
According to the article , when you tell your friends your goals , make believe close achieving	'you feel more pressure to try to make them happen
What would be the best title for the text ? Pasta -- world 's favorite food	"'The origin of pasta', ""Italians ' love for pasta"
What can be inferred from the passage ? Alibaba.com 's shares n't satisfactory performance market .	'The deal between Alibaba and Yahoo will lead to the end of the competition .
When they found an oasis They wanted take break wash .	'the second friend wanted to slap his friend back .
"When the author finally played "" Amazing Grace "" for Grandpa , brought love comfort"	'she knew she must play it well
What is the best title for the passage ? Reasons water pollution	'Industrial water pollution
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Jack busy business family think Mr. Belser .	'Mr. Belser had pleasant memories of their time together .
The reason for grown persons to think back to their past is that hardly keep changes today 's world changes	'time is hard 
What kind of people is regarded as a beauty nowadays ? person double eyelids , aquiline nose pointed chin	'a person with single eyelid 
"During the "" babbling stage "" , babies produce sound"	'learn to work without falling over
What does the passage mainly talk about ? An introduction Q80 Inspiration .	'A promotion of The Q80 Inspiration
From the book by the Ministry of Education in Singapore , we know mentoring programs Singapore may benefit new teachers	"""Singapore 's math teachers offer more explanation in the class"
In American society , young people often little common parents	'depend on their parents to make a life
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the text ? Politicians n't use blogs .	'A lot of bloggers no longer write or read blogs .
Why did the man hit Jamie Beondik with the chain ? Because Jamie Beondik would call police continued beating dog .	'Because Jamie Beondik was rude to him .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Language Advertising	'The Influence of Advertising
Why was the Great War renamed as World War I ? Because followed world war .	'Because it was not only a war but a human disaster .
According to the passage , after the fresh regulation has taken effect , More foreign capital brought	'Chinese capital will be attracted by foreign countries
The author believes that everyone figure	'different people may have different interests and concerns
What is the best title for the passge ? Old Thinker Big Future	'Huge Fans of the Chinese Language
Which is NOT the convenience that the Medical Center provides ? Nursery newly - born babies .	'Well trained staff members .
The writer mainly wants to tell us several ways audience discover fun Spring Festival Gala	'not all 1.3 billion Chinese are satisfied with the Spring Festival Gala
What would be a good title for the text ? A Helping Hand Women	'Keep Your Old Clothes
Which of the following might be the best title of the passage ? The past present Maine	'The formation of Maine coastline
Australia once fought against rabbits red foxes	'sheep and rabbits
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? We waiters .	'Mr. Jones .
We learn from the text that forest suffered fire 1980s	"'all of the dead were Prison Service guards', ""the animals did n't suffer from the fire"
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Words show differences culture .	'Chinese people prefer dogs to cats .
What would be the best title for the text ? Slogan And Brand	'Famous Slogans
Which of the following does n't show the father 's love for his daughter ? Makoto called   say truck become stuck .	"""Yumi was wearing her father 's jacket ."
What does the author think of communication through print for children ? It control children learn .	"'It enables children to gain more social information .', ""It develops children 's interest in reading and writing ."
If you want to know about Bob 's day at work , you should read Lesson 1	'Lesson 2
The students behaved badly in the writer 's classes because She n't really understand .	"""They did n't regard her as a good teacher ."
According to the passage which group of fish can be safely eaten by young kids ? Pacific cod ; Alaskan salmon ; American catfish .	'Shellfish ; tilefish ; Alaskan salmon .
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? In different countries , gesture may mean different meaning .	"'Typical introductions often begin and end with shaking hands in Western culture .', ""If you do n't know the culture of a country "
Which one is NOT true according to the report ? The spaceship Shenzhou VII blasted three astronauts board .	'China launched its third manned spacecraft .
What is the most possible title of the passage ? Hard find good job ?	'Difficulties in job hunting
What is the author 's purpose in writing the article ? To inform us first day college like UK .	'To introduce how UK students prepare for college .
Which is a good way for children to get closer to their parents according to the passage ? To stay chat parents often possible .	'To eat healthier food and wear cleaner clothes .
"What does "" Armed with your list of questions "" mean ? Taking list questions"	'Putting your list of questions under your arm
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Steve Jobs died Wednesday .	'Steve Jobs changed the world .
In terms of the regulations about wood fires we can learn from the passage that people woodfire controlling regulations	'uncertified fireplaces are forbidden in Idaho
The reading is maily about lifelong learning becoming common .	"""Rachel Lopez 's studying and working experience ."
We can learn from the passage that Ashlyn optimistic holds hope life	'helps run the camp
From the text , we can infer that Napoleon n't give equal rights every animal Manor Farm	"'Jim Hawkins finally found the buried treasure', ""Charlotte 's web is designed to help some animals avoid being killed"
Why does the author give a detailed description of a particular picture in the Sunday newspaper ? To stress touched made decide help hopeless family .	'To create an atmosphere of fear and depression brought by the tornado .
We can infer from the passage that bread may end article many people longer afford	'the local people have responded positively to recent SOS messages from Figaro
Many US students expressed their uneasiness about China because China US different	'China and the US are close partners
Which of the following is not TRUE according to the passage ? In traditional Chinese culture , father strict mother kind .	'The show makes modern parents think about what to do with their parents .
According to the passage which statement is true ? Women less talkative men certain cases .	'Women are born to be good at conversation .
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? The power play	'Work hard 
The passage mainly deals with fun author ordering food China 's restaurant	'a comparison between Western food and Chinese food
Which of the following statement is right ? Yang proud flight .	"""There is no difference between China 's spaceship and other countries ."
What can we know from the passage ? A map compass show right direction us .	'We should leave our car when it breaks down in the desert .
Which statement about the spread of loneliness is true ? Women likely affected men .	'The spreading effect was the second strongest among friends .
A most suitable title for the passage could be What College Parents Students Need Know	'Congress To Require Greater Transparency
Which of the following is NOT the way to hold steady ? Write goals achieved	'Practice yoga regularly to calm your nerves .
Which of the following is NOT TURE according to the passage ? In China , quarter cooking oil soybean oil .	"'In fact ', "" GM food is n't far away from us ."
The writer 's purpose of writing this article is to advise people use mobile phones less often	'to buy mobile phones
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Few people enjoy watching Rudi MJ	'MJ is less than one - year - old now .
A good dictionary will tell you    word 's meanings	"""more of word 's pronunciation"
Which of the following is TRUE about travelling in Australia ? You easily rent car explore beautiful touring routes .	'Taking a bus tour is the most comfortable 
Which of the following statements about Earth Hour is Not true ? Earth Hour held March 28 every year .	"""Earth Hour is held to raise people 's awareness of climate change ."
What is Not true about a museum ? It 's good place shopping .	'People can learn about the history of a place there .
What can we learn from the passage ? Children exercise cognitive skills Children 's Science Museum .	"'Luxembourg Garden is the largest public park in Paris .', ""The Children 's Science Museum is very popular with tourists ."
What is the most important thing for parents in motivating their kids ? By telling kids mistakes part learning .	"""By punishing kids who do n't display ambition ."
The author wrote this passage in order to tell us news Hart 's workshop	"""persuade people to go to Hart 's course"
What is this text , mainly about ? How use e - reader .	'What an e - reader is .
From the passage , we can infer that self - driving cars need improving	'self - driving cars are popular nowadays .
Which of the following description about the huge apes is right ? They died long time ago .	'These giant hairy beasts 
Which of the following is NOT true ? A quahog 's shell grows layer every season .	'The researchers have got the right age of the ocean quahog .
The goal of Handicap International in Ethiopia is to run education projects children disabilities	'help disabled children find jobs
Some friendships do n't last long because people receive friendship n't give friendship back	"""some people do n't treat friendship seriously"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The money earn company , likely promoted .	"'Greg Smith quit because of his being badly ill .', ""The company attaches importance to its clients ' interests ."
55 . It can be inferred from the passage that author 's present dream job chosen personality	'a dream job is one that most people are fond of
It can be inferred from the passage that ships suitable go Antarctic	'a Disneyland will be built in the Antarctic
The company hired Paul to plant trees and grass because legal pressure	'What Paul was doing moved them
What 's the author 's opinion on chicken soup ? It good people colds chicken soup .	'Scientists have found solid evidence about the benefits of chicken soup .
From the passage we can infer that China Marine Search Rescue Centre quickly carried rescue task	'the center sent eight lifeboats and asked for help from the United Nations
According to the passage , the piano part permanent exhibition city Salzburg	'is now being owned by the Mozart family
The king was sent back by Cannibals because king missed thumb	"'Cannibals never ate a king', ""the king 's friend was in jail"
What is blue and red ? The ruler	'The pencil box
Which of following is the conclusion of the research ? Watching much TV decrease life time .	'Sitting in front of the TV is harmful .
According to the description of whales , we can know that The communication whales low frequency calls	'The noise made by the ships has a bad effect on the area where whales live .
It can be inferred from the text The 9/11 attacks happened September 11 , 2001 .	'Osama bin Laden has three sons .
Which of the following is NOT true about Chen ? She cares clothes wears much .	'Her vegetable stall is called YuanJin Vegetables .
Why do companies keep part of their profits ? They use money help company grow larger .	'They want to buy the shares of stock 
What can we learn from the text ? Mark used thin , handsome boy .	'Mark had bought a new sports car for Mary .
From the passage we can infer that parents also need learn using Internet	'children are too young to know how to use the Internet
If you want to attend Show Biz Summer 2014,you should be aware that students better accompanied first day	'tuition must be paid at least before June 2
"When does the idea "" Life is over "" come into being ? When engines turned ."	'When the plane was full of smoke .
Before visiting the friends , Jack sometimes rude mom	"""did n't like chocolate"
James Robertson is mentioned because experience similar Simon 's	'his story inspired Simon
In the writer 's opinion , what should be done to solve the argument ? Improving learning outcomes effectively .	'Increasing time spent in learning Chinese .
Dr. John tells us anything overdone may bring trouble	'worshipping of famous people is a good thing
What can we learn from the text ? China may contribute greatly global warming reduction	'Scientists will soon grow the new rice in large areas
We can conclude from the passage that makes sense children know parents ' negative feelings	'protecting children from age - inappropriate things is important
The two crows were arguing about     fly higher	'how to fly into the sky
At 5:45 in the morning , what could one enjoy ? Wandering Tian'anmen Square .	'The artistic architectural design of the Summer Palace .
Why do people in Copenhagen want to ride their bicycles in all kinds of weather ? Because bicycle viewed symbol freedom nowadays .	"""Because it 's hard for people to find parking space in crowded streets ."
Why do the teachers like the standing desks ? Because standing desks keep students concentrated .	"""Because the educators can draw the students ' attention ."
According to the passage , a showrooming shopper tends to purchase online lower price	'pay for everything online
What does the reporter want most from his editors in their talks ? Improving good ideas .	'Finding the news value of his stories .
The best title for this passage is McCurdy 's Legendary Experience	'How McCurdy Became a Famous Canadian Pilot
Science writer , Barbara Strauch , believes that brains wisest 40s 60s .	'we lose many brain cells as we age .
When celebrating Halloween , the author 's family n't know serious Grandma 's illness	'knew Grandma would appear in a local medical journal
In order to earn big money a pap has to get first - hand pictures	'sell the pictures to a big newspaper
According to the passage , the writer mainly wants to tell people the ways good points effective listening	'listening ways of poor listeners in class
What can be inferred from the passage ? Most US parents support law limits IT companies using personal information .	"""Parents are worried about social networks because they lead to the children 's failing grades ."
The passage is mainly about musician finding joy playing music new way	'a musician playing the cello for an audience
How have experts ' attitudes towards cities changed in recent decades ? They think city - riving provides benefits .	'They no longer see city - riving as attractive .
What does this passage mainly talk about ? The writer 's story finding job .	"""Mary 's story of helping friends when needed ."
What would be the best title for this passage ? The reasons learning Chinese Beijing	'Chinese is easy for the foreigners to learn
The author believes in the passage that anyone born color preference	'anyone can choose his color preference in his life
An inaccurate eyewitness testimony may lead to conviction innocent person	'the disbelief in the court
In the third advertisement , the private English tutor should    ability deal changing situations	'be an English language expert from UK
What can we learn from the passage ? Victor Helen felt comfortable got home .	"""Robbie did n't have to be told what to do ."
Which statement can best describe Ricochet ? Ricochet helps youngsters build confidence .	'The two - year - old dog is severely disabled .
It can be implied from the text that Yuanyuan achieved success thanks mother	"""Yin 's readers are mostly parents"
The general idea of the whole passage can be that economic high growth go hand hand environmental protection	"""China 's economy is developing"
How can you see what is written on the paper ? Hold paper warm burner make appear .	'Soak the paper into water to make it appear .
"What is not true about "" April Fools ' Day "" ? Its tradition comes ancient Romans ."	'It has been celebrated for a long time .
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? If diet , always keep diet .	'Use smaller bowls can help you eat less food .
From the advertisements above , we can learn that visit www.aic.comwhen invent new model hearing aid	'Globe Insurance Company has a history of 51 years
""" Being a good student means being organized.""Victoria Walsh means bringing study things class , escaping class , listening carefully class"	'sleeping all the time in your class
Which of the following statement is NOT true ? Americans seldom send invitations others get married .	'In the United States 
We can learn from the passage that China second country give space class	'Nie Haisheng is the only male astronaut of the mission
Which of the following shows best that Annie was skilled at shooting ? She could shoot animals without harming important parts meat .	'She offered to help the army by training women to be soldiers .
If your children want to see some animals , you probably should go to Mountain Magic Fall Festival	'Boones Mill Apple Festival
The writer implies that performing experiments anechoic rooms frightening experience	'untrained people can not stay long in anechoic rooms
Running can help you a lot , but it ca n't prevent pains joints	'strengthen your heart and lungs
Which floor was hit by the second jet ? The 79th floor .	'The 91st floor .
Research suggests that women better telling lies men	'generally lie far more than men
In this passage the writer means give us advice get good deal Christmas time	'to tell us the best way to do shopping
The way of reading always depends on B C	'your reading material
Why did the second picture win over the other ? Because artist created peaceful place set rough situation .	'Because there were natural movements in the picture .
If you visit London in January , at which time can you see the play ? 31 Jan 2011 7:30 PM .	'21 Jan 2011 6:30 PM .
According to the author , when we go for a job interview , we pay enough attention body language gesture	"""should n't say a lot about ourselves"
The 3-year - old girl was punished by her father for wasting gold wrapping paper	'putting the box under the Christmas tree
The purpose    of the passage is to sell three books children	'help children learn English
The writer of the passage probably thinks that iguanas good pets children	'all lizards are good pets
Which guess is the most reasonable from the passage ? The student may passed exam .	'The student must have passed the exam .
Why is the late afternoon the ideal time to go shopping for shoes ? Feet usually become larger late day .	'The toes become longer late in the day .
The example that farmers killed hawks shows that every kind animal important nature	'there were too many rats and mice
What is the best title of this passage ? An English aspect life : queuing	'A social skill to improve your life : queuing
Which of the following contributes to the accuracy of the study ? The participants history heart attacks .	'The participants were all employed men .
.. Life was sometimes difficult for actors because     could get away newspapermen	'films often cost huge amount of money to make
Which of the following belongs to predatory play ? A lion moves slowly makes attack suddenly .	"'A deer runs ', ' leaps ', ' and turns .', ""A chimpanzee plays ' with a stick ."
The main reason the passage gives for why so many Americans are exercising regularly is eagerness stay thin healthy	'their changed life - style
Which of the following is true ? We find impossible count whales sea .	"'We know the exact number of whales in the sea .', ""It 's easy for us to count whales in the sea ."
To deal with lines around your eyes , you can try use eye creams	'try your best to stop yourself aging
What are the three disasters rolling into one ? Earthquake , tsunami nuclear radiation .	'Nuclear power 
From the passage we know that people US like read blogs news	'56 % of the Chinese write blogs
The passage contain information needed get USto study	'tells us your American school can drive you out of the country
Michael hid under the seat when the conductor came to check the ticket because could n't find ticket	"""he did n't buy the ticket"
The passage mainly talks about real reason new graduates unemployed	"""the different views about new graduates ' skills"
The author tries to persuade readers to accept his argument mainly by pointing problems keeping marine parks	"'using evidence he has collected at the marine parks', ""discussing the advantages of animals ' natural homes"
From the passage we know that Mrs Smith dressed husband came back	"""Mrs Jones does n't like beautiful clothes"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Glass sponges depend bacteria living .	'The sponges must feel soft .
According to the writer , what is a special ability many good teachers possess ? The ability discover student 's potential succeed .	'The ability to make all students behave well .
According to the story , hamburgers made beef	'few Americans like hamburgers
Who are the paper lovers mentioned in the text ? People travel paper plane .	'People who like to have paper airline tickets .
What the author wishes to make her girls do is to listen learn old songs	'help memorize the words while she is singing
The reason why the author felt surprised in the amusement park was that son excited roller coasters ride expected	'his songs enjoyed turns and circles with his face stretched
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Tourists learn history Disney entertainment parks .	"'Disney attracts people almost from all over the world .', ""Parades are regularly held in Disney 's entertainment parks"
The passage can be best described as life story famous woman	'a description of the nursing work
63.The experiments mentioned in the text show that almost poor readers make progress	'good readers seem to enjoy reading
The writer mentions Worcester Polytechnic Institute to give example universities US established programs train students bridge troubled friends counselors .	'encourage universities in China to organize campus events to popularize knowledge about mental health .
Why does the author suggest starting a hobby before retirement ? Because likely difficulty starting hobby retirement .	'Because we are gong to have a vast amount of free time after retirement .
It can be inferred from the above passage that laptop smartphone share many functions	'work - related emails should be answered immediately
We can infer from the passage that school performance much students ' later success	'children who have lost their ambition will never succeed in life
From the passage you know that Alex regretted going fishing night .	'Alex would like to go fishing there .
Which of the following is inhuman according to the writer ? To treat animals cruelly cruel .	'To train animals .
Mrs. Green was angry with Mr. Green because scolded sleep night	"""he did n't go to work"
The machines being used in the experiment record subjects ' brain waves eye movements	'how many dreams a person has
From the passage we know that music loud bad health	'people pay as much attention to noise pollution as they do to air pollution
SUSIBA2 Rice will be a major breakthrough because well balances environmental protection grains increase	'it contains more starch than the ordinary rice
"A suitable title for this passage would probably be ""   Americans ' views friendships"	'The mobility of Americans
What advice does the author give in the passage ? Parents mind behavior children .	"""Parents should correct kids ' bad behavior before children ."
Which of the following is TRUE about Jane ? Jane suffered unbearable pain depression got concussion .	"'To completely heal her brain ', ' Jane began to research the psychology of games .', 'Like most people with traumatic brain injuries ', ' Jane wanted to commit suicide .', ""Not following her doctor 's advice "
Why was there a delay on the day of the experiment ? Because Radel wanted create two groups testers , hungry non - hungry .	'Because hungry people needed time to fill their stomach .
Which of the following is the right measure to be taken to solve the problems in awareness campaigns ? Marketing campaigns name charity ones .	'Laws should stop awareness weeks run by real charities .
What can we learn from the text ? It necessary doctors know patients ' TV time .	'It is a difficult decision to get rid of watching TV .
The best title for this passage may be Railways , End , Beginning	'Which is the Best 
The main purpose of the passage is to discuss great relationship parents	"""how to show your parents what 's going on in your life"
At Medieval Tavern tourists enjoy food old days every Thursday night	'have to spend 15 Euros per person for food
The purpose of this research mentioned in the passage is indicate relation swearing pain tolerance .	'to encourage people to swear when they feel pain .
The best title for this passage is A Hero inSouth Africa	'The Sad Story of an AIDS Child .
Mama bought papa a straw hat because worried health	'most cowboys preferred to wear it
What would be the best title for the second piece of information ? Interview Dressing Suggestions	'What to Bring to a Job Interview
Which of the following can warn you against the insecure network ? Lookout .	'VPN .
Which of the following statements is true ? Winners Cultural Program Competition n't known 19 September 2013 .	'The 25 
We learn from the passage that the writer is probably a science fiction writer	'science fiction publisher
According to Zhang Hongsheng , what is the main characteristic of Mo Yan 's works ? Combining hallucinatory realism folk tales .	"'His description of Chinese urban life .', 'Settings from the 1911 revolution ', "" Japan 's invasion to Cultural Revolution ."
According to the passage , school exams enable governments make right policieshave made efforts	"""students to meet their teachers ' requirements"
The Text is mainly about whether children 's literature getting violent	'two good books for children
Sam Walton first made a hit in retailing when specialized name brands low prices	"""he worked in his father 's store"
What is the author 's main purpose in writing the passage ? To tell us truth Whitney Elizabeth Houston 's singer .	"'To call on us to learn from Whitney Elizabeth Houston .', ""To tell us the truth of Whitney Elizabeth Houston 's death ."
What is the main idea of the passage ? Modern technology seems separating human beings .	'Modern technology makes it possible for us to work and entertain ourselves at home .
What can we learn from Walk to School Week ? It developed rapidly last 20 years .	'It is held before Walk to Work Week .
Which book does n't involve the topic of change ? The Gifts Imperfection .	'Life Simplified .
What is the purpose of this article ? To call people protect Chinese children 's eyesight	'To explain why Chinese students are poor - sighted .
How do people usually spend a quiet holiday by the sea or in the mountains ? They nothing walk bathe sun .	'They spend their time visiting museums and art galleries .
Many figures are used in Para . 4 to show meat production consumes much water land	'crop production is better than meat production
What problem did the Nelsons face when starting to design the machine ? Serving unbroken cupcake customers .	'Convincing the customers to use the machine .
From the passage we know that using video room , pay extra 200 yuan per hour	'the video room service has been open for a long time
Which of the following would be the best title of the passage ? The joy giving	'A special stone
Which of the following statement is NOT true according to the passage ? When methane sucked , oxygen enter middle layer .	'Oxygen can cause the breakdown process to stop .
"The 61ast breath ' test tube "" can probably be regarded as symbol friendship memory"	'a failure to bring Edison back to life
To catch a unicorn , the unicorn - trappers had to try all of the following EXCEPT hiding quickly behind unicorn	'attracting the unicorn to attack
Which of the following is NOT the advice given in the passage ? Do n't feel angry parents ask something .	'Try to think of ways to balance family event with friend event .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Some travel tips	'Travel experience
Which of the following statements is True ? Teenagers get backache sitting long time .	"""Murray only worries about young people 's mental health ."
Wendy 's made the expression known to everybody television advertisement	"'with many old women eating hamburgers', 'while selling bread with a bit of meat in it', ""at the McDonald 's restaurant"
Bringing sharks back is difficult because reproductive rate slow	"""they 're like the other fish"
How many moms in the study believe kindness is what one is born with ? 48 %	'51 %
What can we infer from the text ? The Barotse Landscape issue still discussed .	'Zambia only has two World Heritage Sites .
What does the author want to tell us in the passage ? A brief account O. Henry 's life	"""O. Henry 's experience in prison ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Sandwiches became bigger	'Diners existed before a fast - food restaurant
Miss Evans thought it was right students	'wrong for her students to be absent   from the lecture
The purpose of the passage is introduce English classes varying degrees kids	'to introduce an English language school for children
What would the writer probably suggest we say to ourselves when we make a mistake ? Ok!Now I learn something	'Never mind 
What can we learn from the passage ? It people make tigers endangered	'A tiger can only live about 20 years .
Which is true about kids in the past ? They preferred wear brighter clothes .	'They used to have more money to spend .
The most dangerous problem for a jockey arises jockey 's horse falls jockey	'when his leg is jammed between two horses
What does the writer say about working in a lab over the summer ? It 's important part work .	"""It 's a good way to work with other people ."
Good distribution means things right place right time .	'cutting down forests and selling them to other countries .
What can we learn from this passage ? Most problems cause women 's deaths pregnancy childbirth treated prevented .	'The governments of African countries have to take more effective measures to save pregnant women .
Elvish is considered a real language because certain grammatical rules make language learnable	'it is made up with lots of words and sentence structures
"Which is NOT true about the Game "" Second Life "" ? You ca n't enter Second Life pay entrance fee ."	'A resident in Second Life lives a life somewhat like that of real life
What does Jack have for breakfast ? One apple , two eggs , bread cup milk .	'Some hamburgers 
What would be the best title for the passage ? Early discovery cancer	'A simple way to cancer
The kids asks for advice on how to grow present situation	'make her mother change
Which of the following is the best title of this passage ? Your Medical Records , Stolen !	'Expensive Medical Treatment
The meaning of the conductor 's word is dog must sit chair	"""the dog 's feet are like the other people"
What would be the best title for the passage ? The High School Basketball League Taiwan	'The Basketball Fans in Taiwan
The last sentence of the text suggests humans tested electrodes	'will use touch - sensitive devices
We can learn from the passage that number skin cancer patients increasing America	'sunscreen users get skin cancer more often
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? The pickpocket conflicting emotions Mallon 's help .	"""The taxi did n't take the pickpocket to his house in the end ."
Who is foolish ? The rich man	'The young man
From the passage , we learn that in the three cities people provided pleasant place live	'people are encouraged to grow plants on their roofs
The whole passage tells us about story Taj Mahal	'a beautiful fairy tale
The best title for this text would be Foreigners Settling Shanghai	'The Development of Shanghai
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text ? There scars boy 's arms legs .	"'The mother won the "" match "" because of her strength ."
What can be the best title for the text ? Laughter Is Good Your Family	"'The More You laugh ', "" the Better You 'll Be"
According to the writer , hunting is not affected by handgun control because hunters use rifles rather handguns	'hunters can use knives rather than guns to hunt animals
Rahfeal Gordon uses hip hop lyrics in his lecture because hip hop songs helped spend hard times	'he is good at performing hip hop songs
What is Cartmill 's opinion of regular check - ups for men ? They save money long run .	'They may cause trouble for men .
My Spanish friends wanted advice about finding places stay England	'learning English
Which of the following could be the best title for the text ? Dogs ' mood indicator owners ' health	'Strong bonds between dogs and their senior owners
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Nostalgia , Good Bad	'Thoughts on Nostalgia
Why are dogs seen as man 's best friend according to the passage ? Because dogs read emotions humans ' faces easily .	'Because dogs are the closest animals to humans .
Why did Bunter have the feelings of unwillingness , shame and disgust ? He lie seen .	"""He could n't prove he was right"
Which of the statements is NOT true ? Martin work nine hours without break everyday .	"""When Doctor Mason notice the stress on people 's face in winter "
Who was Jack ? Mrs. Green 's nephew .	"""Mrs. Green 's son ."
The best title for the passage is The importance fathers	'Father 
What 's the best title for the text ? Lunches packed love .	"""Old generation 's way of expressing love ."
What is the best title    of the text ? How make dream real	'A big dream is made up of   small dreams
According to the writer, jokes sent close friend online sometimes may harmful	'e - mails with some misspellings may hurt the receiver
Why did the scientists choose mice to do the study ? Because substance may effects mice humans .	'Because mice have a longer lifespan    than other animals .
Which of the following is true ? The people answered ad wanted sell pearls high price .	"""The woman was the well - dressed man 's wife ."
You can find ANZ Banking Group on corner Greek Street Queen Street	'Queen Street
In the study by the researchers from ASU , jurors actually computers human identities	'there were 210 students expressing their emotions
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Many languages quickly disappearing .	'Some languages are disappearing because they are hard to remember .
Why are scientists designing silicon computer chips acting like human organs ? To make testing new drugs faster cheaper .	'To examine the health condition of human organs .
According to the new study , musical training make children intelligent	'makes children smarter
What is the writer 's view on the evolutionary theory ? It science accepted .	'It is not science and should be resisted .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Songs winter .	'Different ideas about winter .
Why is the project carried out in Beijing ? Because environment suits project .	'Because Beijing is the most polluted city .
What 's the problem for iPads to be used in schools at present ? The iPads may unavailable traditional courses .	"""Some students would n't like to have iPads in schools ."
By giving the example of an area of New Mexico , the author tries to prove studying trees important history man	"""trees ca n't live in the area without population"
The farmer wanted to make journey interesting .	'see if the teacher was lucky
The main idea of this passage is that invented system raised dots make books easier blind people read	'Louis was a good student at the school in Paris
What can we know from this passage ? She became overnight success .	'Antonia paved the streets with gold .
After doing the two experiments the researchers most probably concluded that seals really make use acoustic signals prey	"""it 's really easy for seals to find their prey"
What can we infer from the last sentence ? Mr . Walker close relationship students .	"'The author had invited Mr . Walker to his graduation ceremony .', ""The author 's parents had informed him of Mr . Walker 's visit ."
What can we learn from the passage ? The girl recognized man happy adopted .	"""People did n't want to help the little girl at first ."
According to the passage , Pride and Prejudice inspired many novels many plays produced based .	'tells a sad love story which moves generations of readers
According to the passage , by analyzing ourselves , we can understand better career want	'know the true meaning of our life
The passage is mainly concerned about     inflation America	'the history of American currency
Why did Lee Kuan Yew choose to lead Singapore to be independent ? He determined people n't subjected Malaya anymore .	'He intended to act as a kind of conscience to leaders around the globe .
What is the reason why our scientists are interested in the moon . ? The moon easiest place space get air , unlike Earth .	'The moon is beautiful .
Music and drama are not included in the high - school curriculum mainly because school afraid losing financial support	'the school committee pays no attention to them
The text mainly discusses whether video games art .	'the differences between video games and art .
The main purpose of the passage is to tell the readers     relationship mind attention	'people should stay calm and still
With the technology we now have , doctors transfer certain parts eye new person	"'can transplant the whole eye in a new person', ""still ca n't do eye transplant even certain parts of the eye"
What 's the reaction of the public to Wang 's divorce ? Most netizens condemning Wang 's wife .	'Most people dare not comment on it .
We learn from the passage that Donna needed new heart instead	"'Felipe promised Donna to give her his heart', ""the doctors asked Felipe 's parents to donate his heart"
What do you think is the best title for this passage ? Wechat daily lives .	'Wechat has problems .
"We can infer from the passage that Japan 's "" purchase "" cast shadow China - Japan export import ."	'About 100 boats joined the original team later .
What makes you feel good and comfortable ? Have nice look .	'Smile at other people .
What does the writer want to tell us in the passage ? The Exploration may help us avoid potential problems Earth .	'Space exploration has created many wonders .
What is the concept of Green Freedom ? Recycling carbon dioxide gasoline .	'Removing the emission of carbon dioxide .
What kind of grandmother did the writer want to be ? One like grandmother cookie jar treat grandchildren .	'One who has a jar filled with many kinds of cookies for children and herself .
From the passage , we can know that    The school counseling center familiar problems first - year students face .	"""It 's easy for the first - year students to adapt to the college life ."
According to Delaney 's research , what is the most risky injuries to head ? Head - - head elbow - - head blows .	'Long - term effects of blows .
The passage is mainly about birth book lasting influences	"""Charles ' family life"
The researchers rewarded thirsty rats with plain water in the lever test to test whether fat rats lost interest test taken enough sugar	'change the diet habits of fat rats
We should appreciate that others can do what you ca n't , because things world various	'the entire population of your city is applying for your job
It may NOT be   a good idea to ask experts exact number necessary toys	'spend more   time reading or playing with children
Which of the following is NOT true ? Everyone likes travel busy cities .	'Summer vacation is about two months long .
The author bought his mother a purse to make mother happy	'surprise his mother
At the end of December , people usually think new year	'fail to make big changes
""" Do n't lose heart , and you are sure to win the match . "" Here "" Do n't lose heart "" means ""   brave"	'put your heart into something
Why did the world start to change in the early 1800 's ? Because people began work make life better instead exploring unknown world .	'Because there were few inventions that had as much effect as the wheel for hundreds of years .
According to this passage , which of the following statements is time ? Maybe Walt Disney Co.will build new Disneyland Shanghai .	'Hong Kong Disneyland costs 3.5 billion yuan .
What is the purpose of the text ? To persuade people choose home schools .	'To give information about different schools .
Which of the following is the correct ranking order ? Stockton , Detroit , Miami , Florida , St Louis .	'Cleveland 
Which of the following is CORRECT according to the passage ? The little girl 's kind act changed relationship writer family .	'Life must be very hard for the parents next door as they had a large family to support .
Which of the following statements about Gadgil is TRUE ? He used knowledge help people need .	'He helped about 125
"The sentence "" Foreigners often speak English too correctly "" means that foreigners speak English according grammar rules"	'foreigners speak correct English
In the author 's opinion , college education value cultivation students ' minds	'college students are not pragmatic enough
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? She went teaching got married .	'She managed to persuade her state to pass a law allowing women to go to universties .
The story tells us that man knew something The Black Forest went	'the man had a good memory but bad luck
What would serve as the best title for the passage ? Four lovers life	"""The merchant 's four lovers"
It can be inferred from the passage that Bruce n't outstanding academic achievements school	"'Master Yip Man offered to teach Bruce Chinese kung fu for free', ""Bruce 's parents sent him back to San Francisco for better education"
Kerrigan 's late study looked at the chunky high - heeled shoes because worn many women	'they are related to knee osteoarthritis
According to the author , it 's difficult for many Americans to get visible firm abdominal muscles mainly because big muscles determined birth	'they change their exercise routine regularly
What does the passage mainly discuss ? The musical career Ella Fitzgerald .	"'A comparison of Ella Fitzgerald and Bessie Smith .', ""Ella Fitzgerald 's early childhood ."
Which of the following statements is WRONG about Linden lab ? Linden Lab first created Second Life people thirty years old	'Linden Lab creates Second Life for both adults and the youngsters .
Which of the following is TRUE ? The stone firmly frozen ground . [ : . . ]	'Russians never tie their dogs .
The purpose of the passage is draw people 's attention worsening situation .	'to introduce the domestic infection cases in Japan .
Bacteria which cause food to go bad activity greatly reduced drying	'are killed by drying
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Noise pollution affecting whales .	'Whales are in danger because of the noise .
What is this passage mainly about ? Fridge contents owner 's secret .	'What people store in their fridges .
Why does the writer mention the girl Brooke ? To explain parents strict developing children 's good habit money .	'To question the opinion about pocket money .
Robinson Diaz has a difficult task every morning because he has to help someone get work	'get to the edge of a valley
Which is the best title of the passage ? Online shopping China	"""Wang Lin 's life"
Which of the following things did the writer hate to do most ? Going bed early getting early .	'Letting mother know where they were .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? The researchers go proving theory .	'Charcoal was discovered 1
What is the best title for this passage ? Milk : really good body ?	'Milk : is it really necessary for children ?
Who proved to be the most creative in the two studies ? The people reading task	'The people who attended meetings .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The passage mainly tells us boy succeeded .	'Real beauty lies in the heart .
The report from the investment firm LV shows grown -- children could n't afford separate home	"'young couples should live in a two -- bedroom home', ""families with three or so children could n't afford a home"
For the couple , among all the household duties , the most important is work taking care Lopsy	'feeding their newly born baby
Which is the best title of the passage ? WEN(r ) best choice .	'Why are shampoos a waste of money
What made the U.S. decide to drop the atomic bombs over Japan ? Not content Japan 's reply .	"""Truman 's becoming the president of the United States ."
It can be inferred from the passage that The name New England given Captain John Smith	'Sir Francis Drake first used the name New England
Which of the following is true according to the text ? The scientists satisfied result experiment .	'Ross is a kidney expert who is involved in the experiment .
Paul Davies points out that humans need one - way ticket Mars .	'two - way trips to Mars will be made safe soon
Who would be most likely to return a phone , according to the study ? A woman found shopping center .	'A man who found it in a park .
According to the passage , if incomes and prices rise together      inflation remain problem	'money will hold its value
This passage mainly talks about news reports	'different types of reports
This text is mainly about students going abroad work - study program	'a hotel management school in Bavarian 
If you go to the American Prairie Reserve in eastern Montana , you will see hundreds bison travelling prairie	'tens of millions of bison occupying the farmland
We can infer from the passage that may eat special eggs drugs sick future	"'eating eggs is the best choice for the patients now', ""scientists changed the chicken 's DNA and put all the drugs in chicken eggs"
What should we do when taking the London Underground ? Standing right using escalators	'Avoid taking a large number of shopping bags
What aroused public interest ? A mysterious hole field .	'Various explanations offered by experts .
The tourists in Mexico City may not be satisfied with heavy traffic city	'the polluted air in the city
"If you want to express the idea that "" I am very friendly "" to someone , you will smile person"	'raise your hand
We can learn from the passage that Indians prefer food prepared cooks	'guests do not need visas to get into Thailand
In a children 's hospital , which of the following is true ? A personal visit brings happiness sick boy .	'Over 50 % of those living there do not have relatives .
Which of the following sentences is Not True according to the passage ? The mouse 's parents told daughter wait going piece cheese .	"'The young mouse lived in a hole in a wall .', ""The next day the mouse did n't hear any cat 's noise ."
We can infer from the passage that ALDH2 deficiency may passed generation generation	'about 36 percent of Japanese 
From the passage , we can learn one must judge judges others	'one should often make his windows clean
Tom stopped my reaching for whiskey because glass whiskey drugged	"'there was not enough whiskey for Henry', ""he did n't want me to get drunk"
How did the author 's family celebrate Grandmother 's birthday ? They gave memory book friendship .	'They invited all her friends to her birthday party .
The author says that civilized people settle quarrels without fighting	'should not fight when there are no quarrels to settle
What is this passage mainly about ? False ideas sports exercise .	'Reasons for sports and exercise .
The recent scientific studies have shown that plants can communicate living things chemical way	'use a very special chemica1 language which is familiar to us
From the passage , we know that Billy ca n't see	"""Billy ca n't hear"
Which statement is NOT correct ? Jenny 's pearl necklace turn green wet .	'Jenny loves her father very much .
From the results of the experiment , we can find students ' test results affected texting	'boys were better at multitasking than girls
"Who does the author respect least ? The "" Colour Doctor "" ."	'Verity Allen .
It might take 30 or 40 years for computer newspapers to replace traditional newspapers because general people professional journalists	'computer newspapers are too expensive
Which of the following is a FACT from the passage ? A recent research shows 97%of teens need exercise .	'You should have no more than two hours of screen time a day .
It can be concluded from the passage that IKEA adjusted strategies answer need	'IKEA should be punished because of fake photos
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Utoya Island used youth camp site reduced total silence .	'Utoya Island was the only bloody shooting spot planned by the killer .
The column mentioned by Dr. Whittaker part building close World Trade Center	'was part of the World Trade Center
Why did Lauren hate being the younger of the two sisters ? Because could nothing first .	'Because Jenny often beat her .
According to this passage , which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? You get tickets Oprah Winfrey Show soon arrive .	'You are free to go to the Art Institute on Tuesday .
Why do so many people go to work or school by subway , taxi , bus and private car ? Because New York City large city .	'Because New York City is a modern city .
Which of the following statements can we infer from the text ? It n't first time Sam came late work .	'Sam was supposed to come to his office at 8:30 .
Which of the following are kids NOT likely to use Google to do ? To find everything except information funny cat videos .	'To find funny cat videos on the Internet .
Sonny believed that the tortoise fact win race luckily	'won the race by his own hard working
It can be inferred from the text that Billy Lids offer service Sunday	'Flying Fox Cafe only offers dinner for parents and children
Bats hang upside down because ca n't start fly ground directly	"""they have n't developed a pair of strong claws"
Which sentence is NOT right ? Dick n't got gloves .	"""The children 's mothers often take them to school ."
"What made the man in the shop think the Frenchman was a farmer ? The word "" cough "" pronounced [ kau ] ."	'The Frenchman looked like a farmer .
Some netizens went against the change because application abbreviations simplify understanding .	'the application of abbreviations will make Chinese popular .
Tom goes to the restaurant to lunch	'buy eye glasses
A year ago , I did not pay attention to English idioms because I care little teacher 's instruction	'English idioms were too difficult to master
The main purpose of this passage is to tell people something done prevent erosion	'how erosion occurs
What is the text mainly about ? HBS 's new plan attract women students .	"""HBS 's new manager Nitin Nohrin ."
Which of the following statements is true ? Many people learn English enjoying American songs .	"'Only modern American music is worldfamous .', ""If people do n't understand the same language "
You are a college student , interested in plants and good at taking TV pictures . Which of the Evening Workshops is most suitable for you ? Botanical Film Making .	'Collections for Botany .
This passage is mainly talking about little help dog owners	"""Bow - Lingual 's inventors"
Banks prefer to give a loan to those who ability pay back	'are in need of start - up capital
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The sheep climbed high spent long time tree .	'Bao Xishun married He Pingping .
According to Lorraine Lanningham - Foster , research got expected results	'not everyone liked the freedom of this new style
Why did the shoppers lose interest in the medicine ? Because color package .	'Because of the size of the product .
At last the mother buys half - price ticket boy	'says sorry to the conductor
Why would people destroy the sand paintings after the healing ceremony ? Because paintings believed contain illnesses .	"'Because the paintings are useless after the ceremony .', ""Because people do n't know how to keep the paintings for long ."
From the text we can infer that writer text probably British	'the museum is the greatest cultural center of the world
What should you do if you have to work in front of the computer ? Have rest working .	'Eat healthy foods .
What is the best title of the passage ? London Heathrow Terminal 5 .	'The First Day of Heathrow Terminal 5 .
Which of the following is NOT the purpose of ' Take Our Sons and Daughters to Work Day ' ? To teach kids appreciate school .	'To give kids a chance to experience real - life jobs .
A large number of men refuse to be a nurse partly because afraid looked upon	'they think nurses should get paid more than doctors
In the twentieth century class differences have been partly smoothed out by taxation , social services educational opportunities	'education 
Which might be the best title of the passage ? Walk n't Talk	'Look both ways while crossing the street
In the three books introduced above , the readers can learn truth Bush	'how George W. Bush lied to the American people
In which two cities can travelling by underground be a sightseeing experience ? Paris Moscow	'Moscow and Tokyo
Why was the plant hemp essential to worldwide trade in the past ? Ships ' ropes made .	'Hemp was a very profitable export .
Scientists collected and studied information by Cryo-2 Jason-1	"""the European Space Agency 's Cryo-2 satellite"
Which of the following is the best title of this passage ? US Struggle Find Host Families	'Idea of Hosting Students Is Different
What 's the best title of the text ? Bicycling work Washington , DC grows popularity	'Traffic problems are an everyday concern in many cities
When the young lady talked with the old woman , she only nodded or shook her head because she n't want young lady hear voice	"""did n't want to trouble the young lady any more"
After experiencing the American school life , Mike thought better education include something good American Germany	'German schools trained students to be better citizens
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? Poison Toads Leap Across Australia	'The Main Threat the Cane Toads Cause
"By saying "" Understanding is a two - way operation "" the author means reader judgment author 's opinion"	'a reader will receive everything the book presents
A possible solution to the crisis , what Figaro suggests is bread price raised certain level	'to use ingredients of a lower quality and lower energy prices
Parents think it 's dangerous for their kids to use blogs because teen bloggers got messages strangers	"'their kids use a surprising language', ""their kids talk about how they do n't like studying"
The writer wrote the passage to show thanks people love support	'express her guilty conscience to the people who helped her
The main idea of this passage is that metaphor great poetic device	'love is a rose in metaphor
The writer considers an enjoyable job most important because    make creative	'he has to bring out his best
What do you think the author is most likely to suggest if he continues to write ? Effective ways separate good ill .	'Further application of science to war .
According to the article , which of the following statements is TRUE ? People make coffee taste sweeter changing color coffee cups .	'Black plates increase the sweetness of food and drink .
The experiment was designed to find out    many humanities students find science hard .	'how to teach the students in the science class
We know from the passage that businessmen get money Father 's Day .	"""the writer does n't like Father 's Day ."
What might be the best title for this passage ? Dealing bullies	'Bullying those who bully
Why did the writer write this passage ? To introduce Environment California .	'To tell us why people should join Environment California .
Chen Jie 's grandmother took away money put bank	'let her take care of all her money
What can we infer    from the passage ? Britney Spears took pride mother .	'It is Kate Winslet 
If people want to go on a diet , they need Calorific app	'Cheese & Wine Pairing app
Which of the following is TRUE ? Some people think amount visitors land handle .	'Yosemite is a national park located in the California desert .
Maybe you do n't want to make friends with a person who sleeps cured up . Why ? He or she    would rather alone communicate	'always makes people angry
Hobbes believes that humor way laugh others make oneself feel better	'was for people to view the world from another angle
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Nonscientists able add notes website .	"'You can find information of all living species online in 2017 .', ""The kids preparing school reports can not have access to the informat'0 n '"
Why did the writer hide in a closet when the landowner came for rent ? Only two kids allowed live house .	'The closet could only hold two kids .
According to the passage , the KidsPoll is done to carry out research on What kids think busy	'How kids arrange their free time
According to the text , Kukkamaa thought that people devoting donating hair	"""10 inches of hair may change a child 's life"
What can we infer from the result of the study ? Drinking good common way increase social capital	'To build social capital 
Which of the following is true ? Music kind meaning everyone .	'The writer likes to write music every day .
Which of the following was found in the research ? Touching product affects customer 's feelings desire product .	"""If a man does n't intend to spend money "
What is the main idea of the text ? The songs humpback whales spread globally .	"""The humpback whale likes to hear Lady Gaga 's songs ."
What can we infer from the passage ? The writer cultural differences friends .	"""The writer does n't care his family ."
Which of the following can be the best title ? Presents Wo n't Make Pupils Teachers ' Pets	"""Do n't Forget to Give Gifts to Your Teachers"
"When the writer says that animals seem "" to be catching on "" , he means animals begin learn use ecopassages"	'animals begin to realize the dangers on the road
Which of the following is Not true ? The moon much nearer earth Mars .	'Mars is nearer to the earth than the moon .
The best title of this passage can be Egg bottle	'The pressure of the air
What may mostly cause the food poisoning according to the passage ? Eating foods contain bad germs .	'Growing bacteria in foods .
Which is WRONG according to the passage ? It occurred author could run program moment gave beggar nothing .	'In the eyes of most people 
What is implied in this passage ? More coffee , smoking .	'Less coffee 
According to the information above , which of the following sentence is not right ? He speak put figure lips stop .	"""This year 's sales figures were quite excellent ."
Children might feel terrified after swallowing chewing gum mainly because believe tall tales chewing gum	'chewing gum will stay in their body for years
From the passage we can learn that university graduate put prison steals shops	'Ana Luz is already got her PhD at Cambridge University 
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? computer games interesting enough attract people .	'many people who are suffering a lot from the computer games are ready to give up .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? We go store buy things hear .	'We go to the store to read the newspaper .
The author of this passage holds the view that teachers perform better time passing	"'ineffective teachers should leave earlier rather than later', ""teacher 's effectiveness is apparent after a couple of years"
This story tells us Effendi fooled    king	'when the king would die
The author was happy to see the neighbors go because hated listen empty talk	'she was angered by their being late to come to her help
Why is the BBC planning to quit its west London home ? The BBC cut cost .	'The BBC wants to earn more money .
The mother asked the two brothers to plant seeds two hills	'plant the seeds on the west hill
What can we infer from Paragraph2 ? High - speed trains low - carbon development	'China lacks wind and solar energy
From the passage we can infer that the WHL listed places concerned ancient monuments , also technology , natural beauty , wildlife traditional ways life	'only concerned with technology 
Why are Monarch butterflies important to Pacific Grove ? They help develop town 's tourism .	'They come to stay every year .
Why was Hetty Robinson called the Witch of Wall Street ? She made large amount money easily stocks shares .	'She turned out to be the richest woman in New York .
According to the passage , which of the following is right ? We need plants food oxygen also beauty .	"'Without plants ', "" we ca n't hear the wind ."
How did those who took part in the study perform when asked to recall small details ? Smokers worst among participants .	'Non - smokers could recall about half of them .
The author wrote this passage in order to tell us news Hart 's research	"""persuade Britons to go to Hart 's workshop"
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? The generation gap partly caused older generation .	'Parents should be strict with their children .
What is a bird 's ' territory ' ? An area bird considers .	'A place where a bird may shout at the top of its voice .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The woman n't go remembered husband .	'The woman walked toward the Sun land in the west .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? You book tickets online make phone calls .	'It takes you five minutes to the nearest beach by bus from Haitian Hotel .
We know from the text that Watson lived long life	'refused to eat meat at 20
What is the second news item mainly about ? J. K. Rowling Internet interview .	"""Children will meet Harry Potter 's mother ."
We can draw a conclusion that    China create active various way trading market become stronger	"""China 's financial market will be conquered by foreign one"
How did the author lose contact with Jack ? She time contact Jack	'She and Jack had an argument
By saying that it 's just a game , we can infer that the Reed family better understanding life	'has lost interest in the match between Ohio State and Michigan
If an adult wears inappropriate glasses , make difference eyes	'his eyes will be weakened
Fewer kids are staying involved with sports now than five years ago partly because they pushed specialized sport hard	'become too fat to take part in sports
The purpose of this writing is to present result study	'.help people with stress and tiredness
Why was it unpopular for Japanese media to say anything about Japanese poverty ? The Japanese public regarded shameful poor .	"""The Japanese public did n't think it true ."
The author 's attitude towards forms of communication is Face - - face communication advantages ways communication .	'Modern forms of communication like phone calls and e - mail are extremely convenient .
The passage is written mainly for young school students country	'those who want to practice their first aid skills
Can you find the book you need in the book show ? Yes , course .	'Yes 
Which statement is True ? The metropolitan area Paris largest one EU .	"""Central London has 50 of the UK 's top 100 listed companies ."
What do we know about Joe from this passage ? He worked factory hometown .	'On his way home after work 
What can be inferred from the passage ? Yoga softer dancing .	'Bai does not like dancing .
The author takes her neighbour as an example to show rewards way motivate children	'pizza is the best way to motivate children
What can be the best title for this passage ? The history tea bags	'The invention of tea
Why is advertisement accepted by people ? Because bring information great numbers people .	'Because it can help to prevent forest fires .
"We can learn from the passage that term "" Tin Pan Alley "" perhaps first used Rosenfeld ."	'the old shops of Tin Pan Alley will be well protected .
From the passage we can infer that It easy job transform holdouts Internet users	'people will adopt dial - up Internet access no more
The best title for the passage should be How choose best mobile phones	'How to produce the most popular phones
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Something interesting dogs .	'Some facts about dogs .
What do we know from the text ? Beach basketball originally designed improve one 's skills .	'Disabled players can play in two of the five types of basketball .
Which of the following statements about Colonel Sanders is wrong according to the passage ? He could n't live pension chicken recipe hand .	"""He did n't succeed in selling his recipe until he tried 1"
What is the main idea of the text ? Storytelling helps people understand others .	'Storytelling can influence the way people think .
The purpose of the passage is to introduce start development watercolour	"'the gradual weakness of fresco painting', ""oils ' power or influence over watercolour"
Before a new pet comes home , we 'd better set agreement paper	'show concern for the animals
What does Sam Boakye 's remark mean ? Being surrounded white peers motivates black student work harder succeed .	'White students tend to look down upon their black peers .
"Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? "" Super Girls "" famous Mr. Ba Jin ."	"'The argument whether Cihai should include "" Super Girls "" was caused by a media report ."
What would be the best title for the text ? Building , .	'Alice Cities -- cities of the future .
The police of New York , Chicago and Detroithave a particularly rough time because cities large Jews organized crime	"'.they are city or State employees', "".they ca n't cross the border into a neighboring state in search of a criminal"
Trenches were dug to lay wires	'set up generators
Which of the following may serve as the best title of the passage ?     Earth Hour 2014	'Lights - Off Event
When Chris arrived at Sonepur market , he realized n't really want sell Tara	'sold Tara to a national park
Why did the old woman not satisfy the man 's wish when he said he was still hungry and wanted some cakes ? Because fourth wish .	'Because the man had made this wish before .
Which of the following books was published most lately ? Human Capital .	'OECD in Figures 2006 - 2007 .
How has the natural beauty of the island been kept according to the text ? Sailing boats must n't pollute water .	'Foreign visitors are not allowed to visit it .
Through the passage , the author tells us albino helped achieve success	'how an albino studied well
What is the main idea of the text ? A study says flashing digital billboards distracting .	"'Studies have shown digital billboards pose a danger to drivers .', ""People 's eyes can not adjust fast enough to the brightness of digital billboards ."
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Users China wo n't probably use 3 G mobile phones late next year .	"'3 G mobile phones were first used in America .', ""Foreign telecom companies wo n't enter China ."
Which content should be watched with parents ' guidance ? Rumors Charles Manson 's secret son .	'Commonly - asked beauty questions .
We can infer from the text that children spend pocket money	'boys earn more money at home than girls
We can infer from the passage that Jim often late school	'Jim usually went to school by bike
Which of the following might the author disagree with ? Wealth surely bring owner happiness .	'Money is important in modern society .
What 's NOT the consequence of anti - alcohol policy ? Drinkers ' income increased spend less money drinking .	'More people drink in private .
What should be the best title for the text ? Treasure Your Privacy	'No Privacy 
What can we learn from what Grayson Heffner said ? The key reducing greenhouse gases short term improve energy efficiency .	'75 % of the greenhouse gas emissions can easily be cut in the next 20 years .
Why does the author tell a lie at the beginning of the passage ? He intends talk contest .	'He likes telling lies .
The passage is mainly written to tell us that conventional wisdom limits innovation	'old methods are changing with time
"Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The writer likes "" Drawing With Mark "" lot ."	"""Kids ca n't learn any history about the things they draw ."
What is the passage mainly about ? The special cultural atmosphere Liverpool	'The universal value of the world heritage in Liverpool
In order to get rid of test anxiety , students should    take counseling courses help	'take tests to measure their anxiety
Which is n't right ? Johanson afraid walk near pool	"""There is n't a small river near Johnson 's house ."
What is the purpose of this text ? To correct parents ' wrong ideas television 's effect children .	"""To increase people 's knowledge of watching TV ."
Davina MacKail expects people to use his Dream Dictionary when they research dreams	'have had a dream
What 's the relationship of English learning at different levels ? Successful English learning first two levels necessarily mean success English learning college .	'English learning at primary and secondary levels is more important than that at the college stage .
The passage mainly tells readers makes Latin music develop fast American market	"'that more and more Americans like Latin music', ""why Latin music becomes Americans ' favorite music"
The author participated in several volunteer projects in San Ramon EXCEPT taking Spanish courses	'assisting English classes in Sabana School
From the story , we can know Sue talked Jack quietly	"""Jack did n't know Sue"
What is the best title for the passage ? The Advantages And Disadvantages RDNA	'The DNA Research in Japan
From the third passage we can infer that 1984 , Chinese thought giving blood dangerous thing	'in 1993 
From the story we know Chopin could famous talent help Liszt	"'Liszt planned to make Chopin famous', ""Liszt was Chopin 's teacher"
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Eggplant used taste bitter .	'Eggplant can be eaten to cure cancer
What Miss Baden said in Paragraph 2 means families n't enough money yet	'no family could afford a three - bedroom home
People heading for Germany must be at the loading gate at least 30 minutes ahead time	'40 minutes ahead of time
What does this passage mainly talk about ? Opinions competition different among people	'Competition helps to set up self - respect .
According to the author , the model of Pepsi different model McDonald 's .	'reflect the idea that business is business .
The Prime Minister died because He fell horse	'Effendi killed him
How does an American cook balance different kinds of food ? He cooks meat , regetables , bread sweet food big meal .	'He cooks a lot of meat .
What is the best title for the text ?     A mailman makes little boy 's dream come true .	'A letter carrier is praised for helping a kid .
The passage is mainly about happened vegetables tree	'how the gardener took care of his vegetable patch
In the early days of ancient Olympic Games Greek men allowed participate games	'all Greeks except married women were allowed to compete in the games
What can we learn from the passage ? Nine - year - old Ben Duskin , cancer , brave clever .	"""Many parents want their children to play video games because it 's good for their health ."
Some people worry about the future because fewer fewer men receive degree women America	"'there are many social problems in America', ""more and more men do n't like the life in college"
Jack and Sue were friends	'looking for a dog
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? People southern African countries kill elephants elephant - humanconflict fierce .	"'The increasing human population is the main reason for less elephant land .', ""All elephants do n't attack for food ."
Why did the volunteers have to wait until Saturday before they could refloat the whales ? Because wait sea water rise .	'Because the whales were too intelligent .
According to the passage , Cameroon is peaceful liberation	'a country full of diseases
The best title of the passage is probably    How beat test anxiety .	'What is test anxiety .
John Cadbury wanted people to drink chocolate instead alcohol	'drink more alcohol and chocolate
From what Rick says , we know research work carried canyon .	'fossils were discovered in the canyon for the first time .
"The main method used in the research of "" huh ? "" was analyzing recorded conversations different languages"	'interviewing language experts in universities
What 's the best title of the passage ? A Comfortable Trip Tibet	'Tibet - Roof of the World
From the case of Tina , we can know that victims suffer lot	'bullying is rare
Marie could hardly recognize the office she went into as nobody work	'Mr King was not in the office
From this passage we know writer came poor family	"'Mrs Elise was the best friend of the writer', ""many or the writer 's classmates liked cafeteria food"
In the beginning , wheelchair basketball was started for the purpose of helping patients return normal life	'spreading the sport all over the US
What can we infer from the passage ? More patients turn specialists help .	'People are suffering from depression because of the shortage of specialists .
For storm chasing , the first thing storm chasers do is to collect information coming storm	'head straight for the center of the storm
Why did Han invite Pu Shu to write the closing song for the movie ? Pu Shu could help increase popularity film .	'Pu Shu had the same experience as the hero in the film .
According to the passage , we can know that fathers ' love different mothers '	'fathers are always simple and strong
Open education may be a good idea for the students who worry grades rules	'do well in a traditional classroom
Why did the author think he had arrived in a film - making scene ? Because could see horses rather cars streets .	'Because he could see some of the famous buildings of London .
In order to attract hummingbirds , you should grow plants whose flowers bright color	'grow plants with small flowers
"Why is biomass considered as "" a sort of natural battery "" ? It stores energy sun ."	'It keeps producing electricity .
The lights in Eppes ' house went off when Eppes turned flashlight	'Danielle ran to the two boys
The purpose of this passage is to help readers better enjoy visits Disneyland Park	'let the readers know the dark side of Disneyland Park .
Who suggested the mayor to build a jogging trail ? The volunteers .	'Elena herself .
We can learn from the passage that flexibility Laresce 's back helps lift heavy weight	'Laresce is suffering a lot from hypermobility
We can learn from the passage that 19 schools district affected explosion	'everything was brought back to normal right after the explosion
This passage is mainly about first impressions formed	'how our first impressions are expressed
To encourage people to take ticketless flights , the airlines allow traveler extra $ 99 ticket friend	'sell their tickets for $ 99 from June to the following year
Which of the following statements is not true about Dr Johnson 's dictionary ? It valuable .	'It was the first modern English dictionary .
The author writes this letter to complain mishandled case	'demand an apology from Mr. Watson
The author would probably agree that global warming surely one reason melting ice	"""no volcano has been found to support the researchers ' idea"
What 's the best title for this article ? Peter Qwen : A wigmaker stars	"""How Peter Qwen 's wigs change people"
Which of the following is true ? Mrs Brown ate half first cake half second one morning .	'Mrs Brown ate half of the first cake and left the other half for her husband .
Which of the following can be inferred in the passage ? Parents n't entirely leave education children old .	'36 % of the audience of the program are female aged from 25 - 34 .
According to the passage , which is TRUE about the bears suffering loss of fur ? Bears losing fur first found 10 years ago .	"'Three fourth bears are suffering this deadly disease .', ""Bears ' loss of fur is related to the seal death event ."
Michelle Obama is mentioned in the text to      . tell readers Goodwill gets lot attention	'illustrate the achievements that Goodwill has made
In the new century the WTO will members much settle problems	'take the place of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund
What can we learn from the passage ? Former translation software perfect use .	'Babylon is just as practical as any other software .
"Which of the following statements is NOT true about MOOCs ? The word "" MOOCs "" short "" massive open online campuses "" ."	'Anyone who has a computer and an Internet connection can take MOOCs .
It is still a worry that cheating still widely existing sports competition	'Marion Jones has cheated the public so long
Why did Tom pretend not to see Ben when he came and watched him painting ? He tried make Ben interested .	"'He saw Ben eating an apple happily .', ""He did n't want to go swimming with Ben at all ."
The author believes that most design museum visitors know exhibits well	'do not admire mass - produced products
The passage is mainly about how to get men housework	"'get men to serve their families', ""praise men 's housework"
One might infer that developing Olympic - level skills athletes costly	'professional athletes are mostly interested in financial rewards
Suppose you are going to attend an activity at 8 : 00p.m.on Saturday , which one can    you choose ? Exhibitions - Shanghai Museum	'Live Music - Late Night Jazz
You can climb big rocks easily under the water because 're heavier land	"""you 're strong enough"
High blood pressure can cause medical problems like heart diseases , strokes blindness	'strokes 
We can draw a conclusion from the passage that Lee foresaw China would rise become powerful .	"'Under British rule ', ' Singapore developed very fast .', ""Lee made no difference to China 's development ."
What is the author 's purpose in taking Cubatao as an example ? To show industrial growth cause pollution problems developing countries .	'To show that industry can develop very fast in developing countries .
What would be the best title of the passage ? How Do Plants Adapt Rainforests ?	'Why Do Plants Change Themselves ?
This passage is mainly about Bodner 's instrument breathing underwater works	'how Bodner invented the instrument for breathing underwater
What 's the best title of this passage ? Hotel Portixol , Palma , Majorca	'City Portixol 
A 2-year - old still lacks all of the following EXCEPT signs express emotional changes	'control over his emotional impulses
The Samsung CEO 's speech is mentioned to prove that Internet things appear daily life sooner	'Samsung has produced the Internet of things recently
What does the text mainly talk about ? Whether ads allowed schools .	'The bad effect of ads on kids .
What is the passage mainly about ? How Blunt became famous	"""Blunt 's visit to China"
"According to the text , the""roadable""plane kind car fold - wings"	"'can fly at""highway speeds""in car mode"
Which of the following is true ? A modern lift go worker .	'A modern lift has no buttons .
What is most needed to make friendship grow , develop and last ? Being loyal generous friends .	'Looking on your friends as relatives .
What is the best title for the passage ? The history wind energy	'The importance of wind power
Katherine Flegal feels surprised at the fact that slightly obese people lower death rates	'obese people have higher death rates
Which of the following is right according to Peggy Blumenthal ? Chinese students know US higher education .	'The number of Chinese students going to the US has increased by 23 % .
If you are an official from the department of foreign affairs , which book will most interest you ? America 's Secret War .	'The Lies of George W. Bush
According to the United Nations World Tourism Organization , 1 billion people travelled abroad 2012	'30 % of the people who travelled abroad are Chinese
The loan officer is puzzled because thinks $ 5,000 small sum money businessman	'he never thought he could meet a multimillionaire in his bank
What can be inferred from the text ? A calm person choose complain .	'Having values are better than being values .
"The author "" wrote the text to share experiences NOLS"	'show off his outdoor skills
Which is the correct way in which you express your enjoyment of the evening ? You write thank letter host .	'Before leaving for home 
Which is not true about the Vietnamese students according to the passage ? They go work eighteen .	'They should wear uniforms at school .
Why did Random House create Project 236 ? In honour birth The Cat Hat .	"""To celebrate Dr. Seuss 's birthday ."
It can be inferred from the text that in the future digital books available need improvement	'digital books will be more popular
While reading , efficient readers usually take whole phrases thought units	'point at key words
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Old buildings could changed new farms .	'A vertical farm has been built in Chicago .
"Why did Small say "" It sounds like another advertisement , but it really works "" ? He satisfied programme ."	'He is working at another advertisement .
At the age of 14 , Sanders remained together doctors	'worked as a doctor by cleaning the medicine bottles
What can we infer from the passage ? Powerful flows oil phenomenon witnessed rarely .	'Available exploration techniques serve our purpose of exploring oil very well .
The group of young men created the viruses to tell world intelligent	'damage the computers
The best title for the text could be Korea 's Four Cultural Relics	'Buddhism in Korean
Iraq made the decision to stop oil deliveries because UN Security Council decided shorten time oil - - food program	'oil price is too low in the international market
Which of the following is True ? Angels ca n't fly lack powerful muscles allow birds beat wings .	"""Most Americans do n't believe in angels ."
What is Mr. Jenkins proud of ? Some students become famous often write .	'All his students have become honest .
The writer implies that interesting activities improve one 's achievement	'too many children are lazy and have poor work habits
What would be the best title for the passage ? The Power Beliefs Positive Attitudes	'Differences Between Beliefs and Attitudes
The drone is driven away when its job is finished , because longer needed hive	'it attacked the workers
Which of the following can be learned from the passage ? Taking much vitamin A may lead hair loss .	'The real cause of hair loss is still unknown .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Antarctica contains world 's fresh water .	'The average temperature has increased by 3 degree centigrade in recent decades .
What is the main purpose of the free meal programme ? To promote hotel 's green concept .	'To attract people to the hotel restaurant .
According to the passage , the main purpose of the regulation is to better image Chinese citizens holidaymakers	'punish the Chinese poorly - behaved tourists
What can we learn from the two new studies ? The second one recommends overweight obese adults work lose weight .	"""It 's difficult for seniors who have a so - called healthy weight to have a long life span ."
Compared with two other ways , the obvious disadvantage of studying abroad lies in its high cost	'various courses
Which of the following does this story lead you to believe ? Some birds give certain information one another .	'All animal parents can talk to their young .
Which of the following is not right according to the passage ? The manual docking completed almost minutes automatic docking .	'China is completely able to transport humans and cargo to an orbiter in space .
Which is true according to the passage ? The future agriculture ca n't depend organic agriculture .	'Organic agriculture can feed most people in the world now .
What would Shirley Schomaker probably agree with ? Good manners help people communicate better .	'Social etiquette is about getting up on time in the morning .
If we want to be healthy and clever , we must go to bed early get early	'late and get up early
Free play has been introduced in some Japanese kindergartens in order to lighten children 's study load	"""broaden children 's knowledge"
Which of the following may NOT be philanthropic gifts to society according to the passage ?    steel industry .	'the Carnegie Institute of Washington .
We can learn from the text that around the New Year holiday , many people buy railway tickets scalpers	'the railway system will break down as usual
""" Excessive Apology "" may be a good title for News Item 4"	'News Item 1
Different kinds of sport shoes meet needs different sportsmen	'are made in different shoe companies
Linda has worked for the following schools EXCEPT Rivier College , Nashua , NH	'Wilkins Elementary School 
"The word "" sport "" now usually means organized games"	'what people do in their spare time
What 's the main reason for China 's opposition to Japan 's permanent membership of the Council ? Japan unwilling admit crimes Chinese World War II .	'Millions of people in Asia signed a petition against it .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Two Astronauts	'Flight STS-51-L
The examples given at the end of the passage mainly show that Americans British may find hard understand	'American English is very different from British English
What can we infer from the passage ? The percentage passengers lose baggage ever small .	'A little museum will keep all the precious unclaimed baggage .
Who does Susan look after ? Children .	'Old people
Which was the teacher 's greatest surprise ? Tommy said hobby watching brother collecting butterflies .	"'Tommy was not at school as usual .', ""' Tommy picked the butterflies up again and began to leave ."
Which of the following time is proper for one to enjoy a live concert ? Saturday 9:00 pm .	'Friday 6:00 pm .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Understanding Critical Thinking	'Thinking and Critical Thinking
For what purpose did Pearson start the advertising campaign ? To build good relationship public	"'To stress the unusual tradition of Sparrow', ""To lean about customers ' spending power ."
Why did Jacob Wicks like reading for Flossie ? Because felt relaxed reading .	'Because Flossie liked reading .
There stands Sign 2 near a place where two roads cross	'people can cross the road
The butcher did not give any meat to the dog felt sure words really written Mrs . Smith Monday	'when he found that the words on the paper were not clear
When a person smiles , may feelings behind smile .	'it always shows he is very happy
Which is TRUE ? The ant 's home next big tree .	'The ant asks the monkey not to work
What is the passage mainly about ? How use online - auction system .	'Ways of making delivery online
What is psychologist Michael Terman 's major concern ? Light therapy could misused certain mental patients .	'Winter depressives will be addicted to using light boxes .
According to the passage , when should a marathon runner begin his training ? Three four months race .	'A month before the race .
According to the article , people used to believe that fish n't recognize friends	'fish could only remember part of their past experiences
This passage is mainly about children 's learning mother language	"""differences between a child 's language and an adult 's"
What is the requirement for students to join a certain club ? They need academically proficient join Peer Tutoring .	'They are required to have a bike to join Environmental Club .
The young sailor told the nurse that he was not the real son of the old man old man died	"'when the nurse sensed something strange', ""before the sailor came to the nurse 's station"
It is generally thought that     air coastal cities ' fresh healthful	'the air in coastal cities is badly polluted
Which of the following events need to pay to attend ? The Jazz Institute 's Jazz Club Tour .	'The concert at Millennium Park .
In British students ' opinion , Chinese students come to the UK mainly because want look better life Britain	'the education in UK is the best in the world
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Typhoons lot harm farmers ' fields human beings .	"'If a typhoon hits ', "" many students should n't go to school or go out ."
The government stopped issuing or renewing permits for Internet cafes make sure proper use information superhighway	'to prevent misuse of new safeguards in Internet cafes
What can we learn from what Stuart Minchin said ? Humans take faster steps protect water .	"'The water crisis can be solved .', ""Humans have n't realized there is a water crisis ."
If you get lost in the forest , you should stay	'try to find your friends
Which is NOT what President Hu did during the visit ? He successfully finished four - day state visit .	'He met with people from all walks of life in the United States .
Machines will work instead people	'do some of the work instead of people
We can infer from the text that writer still teenager	'Monkey Lan got angry for being left alone
The article is about worst dust storm Australia past 70 years	'the causes of the major dust storm in Australian cities
The passage tells mainly about characters different style Chinese garden building	'an important part of Chinese culture
It can be inferred from the text that start date first term 2012 probably January 16th	'TELP courses permits students to have lessons at any time
What can we infer from the text ? The shapes continents oceans changed slowly .	"""The Earth 's crust started shifting l.3 billion years ago ."
In this passage , the writer explains people faint help	'when people faint and when we help them
What can we infer from the conversation between the woman and the recorder at the beginning of the passage ? Motherhood recognized respected job society .	'The woman felt ashamed to admit what her job was .
Which festival is one of the oldest festivals in the UK ? Glastonbury Festival	'Download Festival
Why does Ryan Stewart want to be a college teacher ? College teaching career wo n't influenced economy .	'Teaching jobs are well - paid .
When can a student miss a test according to the passage ? When he/ really sick .	'When he / she is late for the test .
The third part of the ant philosophy is active make use every opportunity	'to believe in yourself and think about no difficulty
We can learn from the three ads that Hull - O Farm built overnight visitors	"'Frank and Sherry Hull run a farm out of a storybook', ""kids can sit on a gentle cow 's back on Hull - O Farm"
If a drowning child has no pulse, pressing last possibility save life	'pressing his chin upwards is enough to get him breathing again
The author was afraid of giving away food to the poor probably because unfamiliar surroundings	"""his father did n't stay with him then"
If you are interested in animals , which place would you rather visit ? Philip Island tour .	'City sighteseeing tour .
We should save every bit of humus , because takes long time make humus	'sometimes the wind will blow the dry soil away
Which of the following statements best describes the harm of unpunctuality ? Unpunctuality may bring heavy losses public private affairs .	'If you are an unpunctual person 
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? People offer gifts villagers broke promise .	'Bali is a beautiful island with many mountains and nice weather .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Over one five children fail get first - choice schools parts Britain .	'The lottery system is certainly a good way to allocate school places .
What would be the best title for the text ? Success illiterate newsboy	'The thriving trade of the blacksmith
Which of the following is true of the passage ? Most people afraid children ca n't get access male teachers .	'Male teachers are more fair than female teachers .
Which would be best title for the text ? The Father Jazz Style	'The Invention of the Jazz Music
What is the best title for the passage ? Bring Fighter safe Landing	'Flying the Fighter Correctly
What do we learn about low - income earners from the Columbia University study ? They forced reduce spending food high cost heating winter .	'They tend to believe that energy - efficiency upgrades to their homes are most costly than they really are .
"What does the sentence "" You would n't let an inexperienced doctor perform a brain operation on you , but why let one teach you to ski or skate ? "" imply ? It 's dangerous inexpert person teach ski skate ."	"""Do n't let an inexperienced doctor perform an operation on you when injured ."
Why do cats have trouble getting down from a tree ? Their climbing ability n't help climbing .	'They are easy to get lost in a tree .
What is the best title of the passage ? The Teacher Who Ran .	'Kyle 
According to the passage , what are the causes of overcrowding ? Quickly increasing cars slowly increasing new road miles	'Stress 
Which of the following statements is true , according to this passage ? Astronauts earlier spacesuits difficulty moving , useful tasks .	'Wiley Post designed the first protective clothing for astronauts .
The best title of this passage might be My Silent Keeper	'My Disabled Brother
According to the passage , Professor Yoji Kimura studying laughing many years	'thinks banning weapon can end wars in the world
Which of the following is TRUE according to the ads above ? It takes hour read copy The Week .	"""There are n't any pictures in New View ."
What is the purpose of writing the passage ? To advertise Strawberry Gardens .	'To show the magic of strawberries .
Last year they became good friends again Mid - Autumn Day	'the day before Mid - Autumn Day
Why do some children want to be writers when they grow up ? Because want write stories books people read .	'Because they want to be good readers .
The function of putting up electric fences is to divide pasture paddocks	'encourage animals to get around
Five students or fewer take A - level physics this year in nearly 35.6 % state schools	'432 schools and colleges inEnglandandWales
What is the main idea of this passage ? Tips carrying valuables safely traveling .	'Ways to make traveling fun and enjoyable .
What finding of the study might prove somewhat out of our expectation ? Such personality characteristics self - discipline effect longevity .	'Easy - going people can also live a relatively long life .
From the passage we can learn that some people are worried because experts given warning	'they have evidence that the use of cell phones can lead to cancer
From the passage , we can conclude that No pains , gains	'Study comes first
Which of the following is TRUE about the MAP IT OUT activity ? Children walk school together accompanied one adults .	'Children can learn to read a map and take a correct school bus .
In the research , the old people are asked to record feelings activity .	'note the activities of AIBOs
What will the Telenoid robot be taught to do first ? Imitate movements simple sounds human singer	'Communicate with human beings
Which of the following is NOT true ? The weather Hawaii little terrible Mary 's vacation .	'Mary went to Hawaii on vacation .
When Christmas Day is coming , the parents tell children Father Christmas comes night brings presents good children	"""usually tell their children that Father Christmas is n't real"
Damasio 's study suggests that emotional memories past choices affect present decisions	'emotions are the enemy of decision making
What can we infer from the text ? Rhino protection long way go .	'The illegal killing of rhinos will soon disappear .
What is the main idea of the passage ? It 's time parents stricter kids .	'Parents should leave their children alone .
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? There ABC games played music .	'There are free video resources for learners .
Jackson helped the lady because wanted help someone need	'the lady would pay him
What contributes most to smoothing over issues with customers ? Manners salespeople .	'Design of store layout .
"The sentence"" ... a new person appeared . "" means ""   boy began live new life"	'a new baby was born in the hospital
What can be the best title for the text ? Expand comfort zone	'How to train elephants
What makes the intelligent people lose their confidence ? They become separated people lose support .	"""They often ca n't get higher positions though they are intelligent ."
Judging from the article , if you have got a college degree , say , in engineering , it means 've chosen learn engineering	"""you 're good at engineering"
The passage is mainly about moon 's influence sleeping possible reasons	"""the sleeping problems caused by the moon 's cycles"
Saving the ozone layer needs everyone 's effort because people world use items containing dangerous gases	"""scientists are badly in need of others ' help"
According to the passage , which of the following do you think is right ? Money important , important .	"'Money is everything .', ""Money is n't necessary ."
The article does not say long system took develop	'who developed the system
Which of the following shows that the author pays special attention to the carnival in Bolivia ? There details numbers carnival celebrations Bolivia .	'The time of celebrating carnival in Bolivia is mentioned .
Which of the following statements is correct ? The author 's mother likes drinking wine .	'The buildings in Paris and in New York are almost of the same height .
We can see some flowers and a clock on    Li Ping 's	"""Li Lei 's"
On January 1,2006 , Singapore banned smoking in most public places . From January 1,2007 , Hong Kong bans smoking public places .	'Hong Kong is not the first Asian city to have a smoking ban .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Most nurses concerned research middle aged .	"""Nonsmokers would n't die of sudden cardiac death"
From the passage we can conclude that African wild dogs living groups	'African wild dogs are completely different from domestic dogs in size 
What is quicksand ? A deep mass fine sand mixed water .	'A piece of solid ground mixed with water .
What 's the main purpose of writing this passage ? To call us take action make carbon footprint smaller .	'To tell the differences among bikes 
According to the passage , we have got to know that taxes paid money doctors get part - time jobs	'all doctors around China prefer moonlighting to part - time jobs
According to the passage , we can tell that hard job magicians perform magic tricks well	"'being a famous magician ', ' Liu Qian leads a comfortable life', ""Liu Qian 's parents supported his wish of earning a living by being a magician"
What might be the best title for the story ? Learning Be Roommates	'My Friend Kate
Why was a team formed during the 1960s ? To look monster .	'To kill the monster .
Joe puts the paper outside his car , because n't want people ask time .	'he wants to know the time .
Miss Advice holds the view that men baby feel grown -	'all men always behave like little boys
Which of the following statements is true ? The writer n't completely take teacher 's words heart first .	"""Carl Walter has had a great influence on the writer 's life since he became a student ."
Who is Howard Schultz ? man changed company	'a coffee seller from New York
It can be learned from the text that film recalls people memory youth	'young people often feel disappointed to their youth
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? The power speech easily developed using proper methods	'Children who talk a lot are more intelligent
The main idea of the passage is Americans attitude towards time .	'that in the USA time is limited and valuable .
The best title for this passage may be Not End , Beginning	'Which is the Best : Train 
What can we conclude from the passage ? What eat seems important learn terms memory .	"'Two percent of our brain is still active when we are sleeping or relaxing .', ""It does n't make much difference to our brain whether we have breakfast or not ."
We can learn from the passage that people generally try keep away always unhappy	'people who are rich and healthy are surely happy
Which of the following sentences is true in the passage ? Objects spread cold viruses , .	"'An early sign of the cold is viruses in the body .', ""The virus ca n't spread through air ."
What is the writer 's purpose of writing this passage ? To inform people changes made public transportation .	'To tell people all the public transport are cancelled due to the flooding .
The new research questions whether organic food really nutritious healthier	'should replace traditional food
68 . Researchers watched the gestures the people made because they wanted to know language reflected	'whether they could express the same idea
According to the text , we can infer that certain students learn better male teachers	'the number of male teachers hit a record 40-year low in 2008
Where can a reader buy some pens as gifts for their friends in the British Library ? In British Library Shop .	'At the Friends Desk in the Entrance Hall .
What do we know about Abigail Miller from the text ? She helped many kids fun music efforts .	'She collected sport equipment for the disabled .
In the writer 's opinion , in Iron Man 2 , which of the following scenes is a funny part ? When Happy Hogan fights Natalie Rushman .	'When Iron Man is fighting robots .
What is the author trying to tell us ? Happiness often goes hand hand pain .	'One must know how to attain happiness .
"What does Charlie mean by saying "" so high - five for Toyota "" ? He blaming Toyota poor quality car keys humorously ."	'He wants to thank Toyota for returning his car .
The measure the writer took to solve the problem was changing place live	'asking some older students for help
The owner of many buildings thought visitor really important talking President President received telephone call visitor	'he was really important because he owned many buildings in the center of New York
What 's the main idea about the passage ? English expressions clothes .	'A clothes expert .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? Victoria Walsh advises completing homework time .	'Tiffany Irving advises studying hard before a test .
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? The children sleep longer weak study .	'There are some daily struggles between parents and children because of having nothing in common with extra rest time .
What does ABC here mean ? American - born Chinese	'Australian - born Chinese
After the improvement of the hospital environment , patients need fewer pain killers suffer illness	"'patients no longer take drugs to kill their pains', ""patients do n't have to stay long in hospital"
What kind of gardener does the text suggest the Baron was ? Someone responsible big estate loyal forests gardens .	'Someone who took care of forests across Germany .
Before every experiment , you should read al instructions carefuly	'clean al the apparatus
According to Geronimo Gardano , a trellis is piece paper many small holes	'a secret message with a lot of small holes
The direct cause of the protest going on now is that British flag wo n't appear City Hall every day	'Lots of people were killed in decades of violence
One of the advantages of Jump Into English is saving money compared English preschool	'helping learners to get prepared for English tests
Who ate Mrs. Smith 's vegetables ? Her neighbor 's duck	"'Mrs. Smith', ""Mrs. Smith 's daughter"
The story tries to tell the reader that sometimes things seem	'angels are always ready to help the poor
"Which of the following is TRUE ? Elvis ' performance "" Heartbreak Hotel "" started "" Elvis Craze "" ."	'Elvis was not as popular as before after stopping performing in concerts .
What can we infer   from the text ? The writer teacher .	"""There were no lights in Baxter 's house ."
What is the aim of the new bike hire scheme in London ? To relieve traffic problem London .	'To promote the bicycle industry in London .
The author would NOT agree that     best time help others ask help .	'people should continuously build up their own value .
Which of the following problems do many European countries worry about ? Labor shortage .	'Poor health care .
What makes the Earth more suitable for life than other planets in the solar system ? The sun right distance us proper size .	'The Earth is the only planet that can receive energy from the sun .
After he daughter went to college , the writer n't get used change long time	"'often cried as she missed her daughter so much', ""realized she had n't done enough for the daughter"
It was reported that a boy slept room woke strange room	'was found on a strange sofa 
Which of the following is False according to the passage ? The farmer 's family poor friends	'The others help the farmer kill the cow .
What can we learn from the passage ? News photos mean history sense .	'News with pictures is encouraging .
We can infer from the passage that life hard young family	'the couple worked 60 hours a week
At the same meal , American people usually either meat chicken fish	'drink a lot of beer 
What does the writer disagree with the article ? About sending e - mails	'About chatting online
The passage implies that modern technology separating people	'modern technology is bridging the people
Which of the following causes the tragedy at the School of Magic ? Ged 's pride	"""Ged 's rudeness"
If kids do n't have a great time on a team , maybe wo n't like playing sports	"'they will play sports with their parents .', ""they wo n't like studying"
Which of the following is true about oxytocin according to the passage ? Oxytocin effect women men .	'Men have the same level of oxytocin as women do .
What 's the best title for the passage ? How Winter Olympics come ?	'The development of the Olympics
Which of the following is NOT right ? The tsunami happened South America .	'Students were taking an active part in the activity
Daddy and I waited buses pass first	'helped to move away the donkey
It could be inferred from the text that the author realized first job meant future employment	'took her first job in order to support her poor family
What should we do with friends who are no longer friendly according to the   text ? Care best together .	'Forget them and make new friends who have a lot in common with us .
If you are going to a job interview , which of the following is a proper behavior ? Smiling truly toward people meet	'Wearing a shirt with printed logos
The key point of the passage is that people accept value accountability	'stricter discipline should be maintained in schools and families
"Which is NOT true about the following ? Malaysia country natives minorities like Jews living alongside 
 peacefully ."	"'Malaysia was no longer poor after Mahathir came into power .', ""Malaysia developed a lot within Mahathir 's power but freedom of Malaysians was \n limited ."
What 's the better way to increase the levels of FGF2 ? Improving living conditions anxious rats .	'Introducing more companions to the anxious rats .
How 's the weather today ? It 's sunny .	"""It 's windy ."
From the passage we learn that Coco small healthy dog	'the Browns know about Coco from the newspaper
What FAO official Hafez Ghanem says implies     difficulty solving food shortage short time	"""it 's easy but takes long to provide people with enough food"
The writer acted upon the store rules because wanted keep present job	'he felt no pity for the old gentleman
Why is it difficult to learn names all over the world ? The names different countries different .	'Some people have nicknames .
What can we know from the findings of the research ? Many cases children whose growth n't meet growing standard curve treated abnormal	"""All the cases of slow weight gain in the first months of the babies ' lives are caused by the same reason"
. Why did she ask for ten pounds of steak ? She wanted see ten pounds meat looked like .	'she wanted to buy some for dinner .
What can we infer from the text ? The ATM appear cities world .	'The ATM will replace the traditional cake shops .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Kids go sleepaway camp without parents .	"'Sleepaway camp is the same as any other kind of camp .', ""Girls ca n't go to sleepaway camp ."
""" The kingdom of bicycles "" here is saying China large number bicycles"	'China makes bicycles
Which of the following is wrong ? Murray 's shop everything .	"""Murray 's shop has many things for school ."
What 's the best title of the passage ? Frank Lloyd Wright'Buildings -- On way World Heritage List	'Frank Lloyd Wright -- the Father of American Modern Architecture
The most important thing about fat people seems to be place fat	'the amount of fat they have
According to the passage , which of the following provides chargeable service ? ESL Kid Stuff	'ESL Kids Lab
The best title of the passage is More Online Games Are Used China	'Playing Online Games Harms Users
The members of the Polar Bear Club must meet the following requirements except that must reach age 60	'they must swim outdoors at least 8 times in the four cold months
What information about TV teachers does this selection provide ? Most enjoy work .	'Some of them are paid twice as much as the teachers in regular schools .
It is stated in the passage that watching lamb born touched Zoe 's heart	'Zoe went to the farm to start a new life
San Franciscoprovides bicycles to the public because traffic problems terrible	'there are many bikes available
What is the best title of the text ? An education website children	'A popular online video game
What is the author 's argument in the passage ? Public buildings go green .	'Green living can help to save energy .
Who is Jeremy Lin ? An American Chinese descent	'The hottest sports star only in NBA
It can be concluded from the passage that birthrate declining result women 's pursuit    careers	'women today have developed a new role in family life
We can infer that Tan ' mother good storyteller	'Tan plans to write another book about her mother
Why can the superstores sell products at much lower prices ? Because buy goods reduction price .	'Because they are built near small towns .
The elders of today 's Americans usually see birth death family member	'are often absent when a family member is born or dying
The best title of this passage might be Your Own Face Postage Stamp	'First Japanese Postage Stamps with a Photo
"Tom calls Zip "" the keep dog "" because ca n't pronounce word "" sheep "" well"	'the dog likes playing with shoes
The advantage of Europe Pages is that start sending e - mails immediately	'you can choose more pen - pals from many countries
People do n't like black cats for the following reasons EXCEPT black cats often appear TV shows	'black cats bring bad luck to people
If you leave early or arrive late , what will happen ? They make missed lessons .	"""You will have to attend the next year 's camp ."
In the experiment mentioned , those unresponsive cells are only sensitive to others ' mistakes	"""one 's own mistakes"
Which of the following is the best title ? Different Names England	'Different Languages Spoken in England
What did the writer think of Tom when he heard of his death ? Tom unsuccessfill father .	'Tom was a lazy man .
Why did the author 's wife tell him the rickshaw fare ? To warn cheated .	'To remind him to go by rickshaw .
The songs from the Beatles are easy to learn , one of the reasons may be lyrics close normal spoken English	'everyone likes the songs
What 's the writer 's view on Awareness Weeks ? National Weak Awareness Week help people better understand awareness weeks .	"'National Forget About It Week should be held to stop awareness weeks .', ""National Smile Week is a great idea to improve people 's life ."
What 's the best title for the passage ? Parents ' favoritism affect children deeply	'Why do parents show favoritism to children ?
If you love river rafting trips , you can drift boat downstream	'go to the beach
Which of the following is NOT true ? Tom dislikes kung fu .	'Ann is a little bit shy .
Which of the following is a suitable title for the text ? The life women Nazi Germany	'The cruel rule of Hitler in Germany
What is special about North American Endangered Species ? The author introduces animals poems .	"""It uses examples from the child 's world ."
The passage is written mainly to explain nature nurture impact friendships .	'offer advice to women on how to form intimate relationships .
What is the passage mainly about ? Different kinds allergy tests .	'A new allergy test that works very well .
Losers would think that fail bad luck	'success is the result of hard work
"The professor offered an automatic "" B "" to those who would prefer not to take the final exam because believed able pass exam"	"'he liked the students who wanted to get a "" B """
A robot guide dog goes front blind people	'walk side by side with blind people
What are scientists worried about when they raise the question ? The earth might changed like Mars	'Life disappeared on Mars .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? If n't send fiveyearold child school Canada -- break law Canada .	'Most high school students choose their courses against their wills .
What caused science fiction to appear in the 19th century ? The changes industrial revolution brought .	"'The curiosity of young readers about the future .', ""People 's stretched imagination affected by their real life ."
"When Mrs. Roosevelt said""You are the one in trouble now"",she really meant that Truman center action"	"""Truman 's life had suddenly changed"
What can we learn from the text ? People believed nothing could stop brain slowing .	'Brain research started ten yeas age .
From the passage we can infer that capsule discovered Diggers program	'there were some special photographs found - inside the time capsule
The future will probably belong to those who possess know make use information	'are involved in the service industries
Who would like to work in a travel agency ? People would like travel .	'People who live in an industrial city .
What would be an appropriate title for the whole passage ? Dealing Your Child Leaving Home University	'Staying in Touch with Your Child
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Each day 200 people killed hurt mines ,	'The APOPO started to train the rats in January 2004 .
In the seventeenth century , Isaac Newton and Rene Descartes found rainbows came	'they created a new story about rainbows
When the writer saw her sister Sara after school , she thought : Sara pretended taken homework	'realized she had misunderstood Sara
We can infer from the article that     Tolstoy 's worldview n't suit Russian last century	'Experts hold the view that Russian people think little of Tolstoy
It can be inferred from the passage that lucky , watch Spengler Cup Ice Hockey Tournament Davos	"'it was mainly the French people started the beginning of Alpine ski sport', ""Davos has thousands of years ' skiing tradition"
Why would The Constant State of Desire be controversial ? It seriously criticized men .	'Karen was not well prepared .
We can learn from this passage that 'll get answers travel questions Virtualtourist.com	'Virtualtourist.com gives you a chance to chat with a travel agent
For more than five years what have they done to stop their children from smoking ? All	'To educate them about the dangers of smoking
The writer was very happy to have met Joyce because chance meeting changed attitudes towards life way .	"""she did n't know what she was going to be until then ."
What can we infer from the passage ? Overusing cell phones wo n't make life enjoyable .	"'Cigarettes are not as addictive as cell phones .', ""We young people do n't have as many friends as our parents ."
What opinion does Jason Samenow hold on the gradual increase of carbon dioxide ? Uncontrolled greenhouse effect may happen situation .	"""The Earth 's natural systems for absorbing the gas have completely broken down ."
Upon graduation each student is given a steel ring as warning avoid making mistakes design	'a gift from the college
"Which of the following can easily prove that Jobs is a "" marketing genius "" ? He made Apple valuable world ."	'After Apple 
What can we learn about Bath from the passage ? . Bath remains almost Jane Austen 's time .	"""Bath has greatly changed since Jane Austen 's death ."
According to the passage , the author believes that media blame misleading young people seeking surgery	"""it 's right for graduates to ask for others to help them out in hunting for jobs"
According to Tim Lomax ,     system cause drivers aware road conditions	'the high -- tech traffic data systems is of little use for traffic jam
From the text we can infer that the boy loved father much	'wanted to save more money
What 's the general idea of the text ? Dogs smell cancer	'Dogs have a good sense of smell
The experience of the author shows that person best keeps positive , 'll succeed	'if a person wants to change his fate 
Scientists found in the experiment that energy burned fat people fidget burned thin people fidget	"""some people 's fidgeting burned up more than 800 calories "
According to the passage , all the following statements are true EXCEPT More money collected overseas within China earthquake .	'The good road system made it possible for more private car owners to rush to help .
Which of the following measures is NOT mentioned to solve the population ageing problem ? Providing free health care sick older people .	'Getting rid of age discrimination in employment .
Which of the following statement is true ? About 289,100 people born 2012 live 100 .	'More men will reach their century than women in the future .
What is the main idea of this passage ? Recycling old computers .	'Repairing old computers .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the article ? With development tourism , great changes take place many parts world .	'People have some trouble in making journeys .
Who is mostly to blame for the bear 's death according to the writer ? The Marsdens .	'The bear .
In the writer 's opinion , cars are popular in the United States mainly because Americans like plan time	'The United States does not have enough public transportation
The passage implies that people never satisfied got	'dogs are cleverer than man
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Luck favors prepared mind	"""Ninety percent of the time things do n't work ."
The psychologists are particularly interested in degree changes people 's opinions	'the changes in the attitudes of the people
This passage is mainly about study people 's honesty	'why most people returned the phones
The program NBI is mainly aimed at improving living conditions poor	'preventing water pollution
The voyage which is strongly recommended in the text is for    singles ages want meet people make friend	'young singles
Alice advises Susan to ask friend help	'stay with her friends
By writing the letter printed in the Palo Alto Times , the author intends to suggest people taking chance express love time	"""mourn her son 's sudden death in a traffic accident"
What can be concluded according to the passage ? The rapid development China 's economy technology contributed lot success Shenzhou-9 program .	'More and more manned space stations will be sent into space from China .
People in England often talk about the weather may four seasons one day	'because the weather is warm just like in spring
The main reason for causing many people to consider terraforming Mars is that resemblances Earth Mars .	'terraforming Mars is theoretically simple
Men like the women whose faces are beautiful because they think women continue families line	'the women are very beautiful
"What is the best title for this passage ? Students Raise Money Charity "" Wugging """	"'"" Wugging "" "
The reason why the rescue work was n't going smoothly was probably that difficult reach village	'so many people were buried
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Hawking born St. Albans .	'Hawking is one of the most famous scientists in the world .
Which of the following is the topic sentence for the text ? Chinese become popular among foreign kids .	'Chinese can be more difficult to learn .
The explosion of the gasoline tank left Royce trapped	'threw Royce from the car
This passage is mainly about grow certain height	'how the genes work in your body
Which of the following is Not right ? Mr Zhao 's best food comfortable seats .	"""Mr Li 's has the worst noodles and the most comfortable seats ."
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Only knowledge us learn .	'Confucius thought we should learn from strengths of others .
According to the passage , the writer thought the best way of encouraging people to give a street - violinist money was to leave small amount money hat	'let the hat fill up with money first
What is the purpose of the author in the passage ? To tell comfort upset child .	'To show an upset child is very tough .
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Two Strangers Wedding .	'A Marriage Based on Love .
""" Meals on the House "" in this story means eat meal without paying"	'eating in the house
"Which of the following statements is true ? In china , people highly developed areas necessarily happier 
 people poorer area ."	"'In East Asian ', ' happiness has much to do with personal factors .', ""People 's opinions of happiness is completely different between the West and the East ."
Which of the following is TRUEaccording to the passage ? The total school time per year 40 weeks New Zealand .	'You are obliged to leave school when you are 16 inNew Zealand .
It can be interred from the text that charter schools part public education system	'one - on - one attention should be paid to students
The four web companies were put to court because make copyrighted files free downloads	'they got copyrighted songs without paying
Why is it easy to get the visa from private schools in Britain ? Because private schools turn money Home Office . [ ]	'Because private schools have bad quality of education .
What do we learn from the text ? Emotions part decision making .	'Sad people always make worst choices .
Which statement is TRUE according to the passage ? The whole test includes three parts .	'Few companies needed clerks even if they were skilled .
What would be the best title for the text ? An elephant rescue	'The elephant 
Why did many people eat spinach after they saw Popeye the Sailor ? They thought spinach made strong .	'They thought Popeye was funny .
According to the text , which of the following is TRUE ? The environment minister expected introduce law present parliament .	"""Austria 's ban has been seriously challenged by all the European circuses ."
The founding of CNN is used as an example to prove changing could contribute business success	'watching news at the dinner hour is convenient
What can we conclude from the article ? British people helpful , although may appear .	'British people like to sit next to others on empty buses .
What did Lee think was the cause of his loss ? AlphaGo excellent strategy unconventional moves .	"""He could n't sense AlphaGo 's breathing and energy in the games ."
We can learn from the passage that story - writing teachers think teaching provide ideas stories	'should read their stories to the students
"What 's the best title of the passage ? The "" Unseen "" Language Plants"	'Plants Can Send Some Gas
What is the main idea of the passage ? Natural events animals ' actions .	'What animals do during earthquakes
Which one of the followings is NOT true according to this passage ? Dental experts suggest stopping babies sucking thumbs .	'Dental care should be given to babies as soon as they are born .
What will the Writer most probably talk about next ? How manage time well high school .	'Why we need to learn how to manage time .
The problem of food waste can be handled only when everyone takes action fight food waste	'officials are forbidden to eat out with public money
Which of the following statements can best sum up the passage ? New royal baby named George Alexander Louis	'The royal couple gave birth to their eldest son .
From the passage , we can see church songs helped Elvis ' development singing	"""the church songs did n't help Elvis develop his own style"
The author may continue the passage with parents ' choices baby names	"'names and product brands', ""famous people 's names"
Which of the statement is NOT true about the author He used large amounts paperwork	'He is a certified special education teacher
When communicating with others , Western people prefer express ideas openly	'often communicate in an indirect way
One friend slapped the other because He angry friend agree something .	'he was angry that his friend took him to the desert by mistake .
What would be the best title for this passage ? English World Language	'The Difficulties of Learning English
Which of the following statements is TRUE about the wrong e - mail message ? UCSD admissions staff got information wrong database .	'It was UCSD admissions director Mae Brown who made the mistake .
According to the passage , Argentina is world famous because of its successes football World Cup	'excellence at all important sports
We can infer from the regulation to the food additives by the FDA that food additives used safer scientific way	'new additives will be approved more easily than before
What does the report say ? Poor countries allowed make copies drugs .	"'Poor countries should spend more money on drugs .', ""Poor countries should n't obey a pharmaceutical patent ."
What 's the main idea of the article ? How feel relaxed happy stress study work .	'Getting enough sleep 
Which of the following might the writer NOT agree with ? Few know deal guns - related deaths .	'The nature of guns makes them different from other products .
The story wants to tell us    Lucy pretty talented well	'Lucy is pretty
The author wrote the passage to tell us eating 're stressed cause weight problems	'how to deal with stress at mealtimes
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The possibility preserving human bodies freezing .	'Easy but practical ways to remove water from living cells .
As a foreigner , if you have a chance to go to the museum , you would think EXCEPT UK shows long history great museum	'UK is a great country to get so many things showed in the museum
What did Jenny do when her father asked her for the necklace for the first time ? She gave favorite doll .	"'She asked him to buy a doll for her .', ""She said she did n't love him at all ."
What is the text mainly about ? The psychology money - spending habits .	'The habits of compulsive spenders .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Spiritual health necessary physical health .	'Heart illness can be cured without operation .
When they were watching the whales , guide told something whales	'some of them fed the whales
Which of the following is n't mentioned in the passage ? How hard Bezos studied Princeton University .	'Bezos not only devoted his life to Internet commerce but also to charity .
Which helps to explain why it is difficult to travel in Everglades ? You may get lost passing .	'Airboats may make a very big noise .
The best title of the passage is Avatar 's Perfection Causing Depression	'Avatar-- A Perfect Film
"Which of the following can support the idea "" how will household objects connected to the Internet work ? "" An Internet - connected camera infrared sensor ."	'A warm chair connected to the Internet
"Wen Jiabao asks local governments "" left - behind "" children parents"	'to let the parents see their children only once a year
"What 's the best title of the passage ? Chinese dishes "" official "" English names"	'An adventure for foreigners who eat in Beijing .
What does the author think of the change in car driving ? It likely come true near future	"""It 's a terrible thing to come"
What is Emily Blackwell 's opinion on dogs ' behavior ? Dogs know make playing time last longer .	'If the owners spend less time with their dogs 
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Cuba working towards progress .	'Cuba is central to conflict .
What does Karen Bjorndal 's research prove about green sea turtles ? The young eat meat turning diet plants	'the young live in the Bahamas Islands .
Which of the following helps teenagers sleep well ? They 'd better go sleep get time every day .	'They should do different things before sleeping .
The destruction of the environment of the Kaibab resulted from    interfering natural cycle forest life	'turning the forest into cultivated land
Which of the following statements is true ? Deng Nannan began drink milk mother 's advice .	'Deng Nannan prefers porridge to milk .
What do we know about garden centers ? Gardeners buy tools .	'Each town has a garden center .
Ken Levin asked Argutel to walk to the north in order to prove people could walk desert see	'how far away Bissel was to the edge of the desert
What is the topic of the talk in February ? An Update Cotswold Canals	'The Canal Pioneers .
Maxwell thinks that parents discuss travel plan teenagers	'teenagers are good at making suggestions
Who served donuts to American soldiers during World War I ? French people	'other American soldiers
From the passage , we can infer that scientists high - level talents need better environment China	"'the students abroad are unwilling to go back to China', ""China does n't need those people to come back to our country at all"
The passage mainly about UN 's possible sanction North Koreabecause nuke test	"""China and South Korea 's dispute overNorth Korea"
From the passage we know that in Ghana rules dinner time strict	'a family offers food only at four in the afternoon
Ford was able to sell millions of cars , because made lots cars kind	'he made many great cars
"Peter had a bicycle which was much too small for him but he did not want to let his younger brother ride on it . His mother was angry and said to him : ""   Do n't dog manger"	'The early bird gets the worm
The best title for the passage is Why We Need Sleep	'REMSleep and Basic Sleep
We can infer from the passage that flu vaccines effective everyone	'those who are allergic to eggs should not take flu vaccine
It can be learned that Tap Project began 2006	'4
According to the text , why do we fail to change what we do n't like ?     Because never plan change .	'Because they can not be changed .
What is the best title of the text ? Review ofCasablanca	'A moving movie
Mr. Torres does not feel sorry for himselfbecause he thinks 's natural setbacks life	'was once saved by his lovely guide dog
Sally Ride lost the match on June , 1969 just because tired	"""she could n't decide whether to take part in a professional tennis circuit"
The passage is trying to tell customer rights pays something	'ask the customer to buy goods and services of high quality
"What is meant by "" me generation "" ? Nothing important ."	'I will do whatever the family want me to do .
How did Obama get people to vote ? By showing importance votes .	'By making a difference to people .
What is the function of the enzymes ? To speed digestion process .	'To digest the solid waste material .
Ann finally stayed to play with the writer because writer gave Teddy Bear	"'she wanted to play with the writer', ""Ann 's mother ordered her to stay"
We can conclude from the passage that people living near sea may healthier .	'people are encouraged to move to the coast
What kind of parties do the Germans often have according to the passage ? reading parties	'singing parties
The government is passing laws to restrict teen driving because teens ' drunk driving causes deaths easily	'most teens are poor in driving skills
It can be inferred that find best mate takes woman time	"'to find a best mate takes a man more time', ""to find a best mate is n't important for a man"
From this article , which of the following statements is WRONG ? The Palace Holyrood House much older cathedral Durham .	"'Around the broad River Mersey you can enjoy the unique quality of Liverpool .', ""The sight of Durham 's cathedral and castle is probably best seen from the banks of the Riverwear ."
Which of the following might serve as the best title of the above passage ? How improve basketball free throwing .	'How to play basketball successfully in the court .
The passage mainly tells us read poem loud	'that we must read poems slowly
Which statement is NOT true according to the passage ? Googlefight scientific way decide argument .	'Googlefight is effective to determine the more common of two phrases .
The whole family decided to have a big birthday celebration because might Dad 's last birthday	'Dad was to leave the hospital
Which of the following statements can best describe broadsheets and tabloid ? They different size , content style language .	'Broadsheets are larger in size while tabloids are smaller .
What has the author learned from her own experiences ? Less successful students still career .	'Hard work makes an excellent student .
From the text , it seems that we can conclude drinking wine moderation , we'll become brighter	'the more wine we drink 
"What does the sentence "" You 're quite a fellow to build this bridge ! "" mean ? John great build bridge ."	'John was not good at building bridges .
From the text we know bamboo plant may grow 4.5 meters three days	'All people call bamboo plant trees
Some people worry that with more robots being used     people unwilling work hard .	"""human resources wo n't be needed at the workplace ."
What can we learn from the passage ? The researchers drew conclusion comparison .	'Blue light exposure can make us lose weight at night .
Which statement is the author 's opinion on robots ? Robots help us lot need use properly .	'Robots bring us more problems than benefits .
The passage is mainly about activities Halloween	'Halloween costumes
It is implied in Paragraph 3 that graduates should consider careers suit values , interests abilities	'aim to give a balanced account of what the employer needs
What does this passage mainly talk about ? Opinions competition different among people .	'Competition helps to set up self - respect .
What did alcohol do to the author 's father ? It made get car accident badly injure .	'It made him crash into two other cars and took his life .
The passage shows that the O'Neill Flat provides cooking facilities tourists	'is located in central London
Although he thinks his son 's request understandable , the writer feels upset rejected son	"""is angry for his son 's leaving alone"
Which of the following is NOT true according the passage ? Magnificent clothes wonderful dancing rulers show .	'The best title of the passage is The Voice of China .
What do you think takes the most important role in Starbucks ' success ? The coffee culture created .	'Selling their ideas 
In Yanglan 's speech , she mentioned a game called Cuju , she implied that     China country long history sports .	'China is the original country of football .
What do people running for political office think they can do ? Win election raise enough funds .	'Use data analysis to predict the election result .
Which of the following can not cause free radicals to form ? Colorful food	'UV light from the sun
Why should we work on the most difficult task first ? Because mental energy time	"""Because we do n't feel it more difficult"
People waited outside Apple stores early , because eager iPad	'the price of the iPad was low at first
Jeffrey changed the course of business history because he founded new form commerce developed fast later	'looked forward to a bright career in finance on Wall Street
What 's the text mainly about ? The introduction business English .	'The development of business English .
Teachers get the most valentines because many students love teachers	'they send the most
How can a college graduate increase his or her yearly income according to the passage ? By going higher degrees .	'By getting jobs with health insurance immediately .
What is the main idea of this passage ? Jobs today changing .	"""Women are leaders of the today 's world ."
At last , Jefferson man safe cross river	'only Jefferson crossed the river
What was the author 's main purpose in writing the passage ? To create story describing rescue sea .	'To inform people about Richard Etheridge .
What would be the best title of the passage ? Jefferson 's Philosophy	"""Jefferson 's Great Works"
From the passage , we learn that schools Englandmake use football training body mind .	'football is popular mostly among English children .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? It thought Japan high school students use 3 G .	'If you are a China Mobile user 
As Chinese teenagers , what ' s our duty in the future ? To carry china beautiful future .	'To look after brother and sisters .
The marriage of Antonio C and Rosa C may come end husband sticks decision	'may have lasted over 36 years
All of the following are the results of rising prices of food EXCEPT reduced harvests grain supplies	'the worst food crisis
The tellers in Mrs. Vaught 's bank were told to pay accounts requested	'explain why they could not pay out all accounts
In traditional education , the teachers consider that students learn much world teachers	'they should praise the students all the time
Which of the following statements is NOT mentioned in the passage ? The scientific process knowledge produced considered purpose .	'A student should understand the relation of basic research to applied research .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? The BBC largest network foreign correspondents world	"'The number of the people working for the BBC news service is the largest in the world', ""The percentage of the BBC 's budget spent on news collecting is the largest in the world"
In America , the driver 's course mentioned above offered students Grade 2 high schools	"""is given to anyone wanting to get a driver 's license"
"The last sentence "" You 've told me the truth today , Mummy ! "" means mother naughty young"	'his mother was right
It can be inferred from the passage that Northern fur seals n't much danger	'the market for seal oil is growing
Which of the following statements about the agreement is NOT true ? It wo n't bring benefits producers ASEAN countries .	'It will result in an increase in trade between China and ASEAN countries .
What should children do when they find something unusual at home alone ? Ask neighbours help .	'Lock the door quickly .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Some people believe kinds jobs really make people feel happy .	'The writer of the passage tells us that many different kinds of work can be enjoyable .
The passage mainly tells us volunteers 2008 Olympics wanted .	'the history of volunteers in Olympics .
The purpose of the text is to draw attention teens ' computer habits	'suggest ways to deal with problem teens
Why did taxi drivers in Shenyang block the streets with their vehicles ? Because wanted make main complaints known government .	'Because they wanted to be educated how to use the taxi - hiring apps .
We can reasonably conclude from this passage that the author made an appeal to the public in order to support     private schools	'public institutions
As an excellent baseball coach you will focus on CHS swim / baseball coaching vacancies	'Foothills Little League sign - ups
You are unlikely to be given the job if you are an applicant who writes English well always man words	'is open - minded with a very good command of English
The author wrote this article in order to tell us n't good keep feelings inside	'give us some advice on how to express our feelings
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? A Winner 's Secret .	"""A Winner 's Opportunity ."
"According to Jin Canrong , what is the biggest "" gift "" from Lee Kuan Yew ? He shared Singapore 's successful experience governance China ."	'He had been to China more than 20 times .
In some countries in South America radio programs many start bit early late	'the radio announcers do think it important to announce the exact time
Johnson 's new oil would be less expensive , better	'more expensive than fish oil 
When I first started English I used English word like Chinese one	'knew more English words
The passage mainly tells us that giving getting	'giving means taking
It 's not a cold spring day , is it ? No . It 's warm spring day .	"""No . It 's a warm winter day ."
"The manufactures of""Smart''watches were given the order because claimed order would easy since watches already stock"	'they produced the best watches of its kind in the world
The lithium batteries are becoming improper for the cell phone because inconvenient use	'there is a television in the phone
What can be a proper title for the text ? Teofilo Stevenson -- Olympic boxing legend	"'Teofilo Stevenson -- the most successful boxer', ""Teofilo Stevenson 's way of Olympic successes"
What can we know from the passage ? You get payments AlertPay .	"""You 'll earn $ 0.10 if you click 1 ad ."
What is this passage mainly about ? Stories Bach music .	"""Ways to learn Bach 's music ."
Choose the best title for the passage . The kisses box .	'A girl and his father
"What 's the main idea of this passage ? The meaning origin phrase "" face music "" ."	"""Actors ' behavior as they moved on to the stage ."
What does the passage mainly tell us about ? A general introduction Canada .	'The size of Canada .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Death Salesman Returns Beijing	'Arthur Miller -- a master of American theatre
The purpose of writing this passage is show chain reaction rising gas price	"""to discuss whether it 's necessary to work on new fuels"
What can we infer from the text ? Children growing slow food families usually behave well .	'Slow Food Movement has little effect on the whole society .
Which of the following is TRUEaccording to the passage ? Nurses UKtend older age .	'Nurses in Britainare badly paid .
According to what Miss Hebebrand said , we know American farmers will ---- try increased wheat production	'stop feeding corn to animals
Which of the following is the most effective in building abdominal muscles ? Captain 's Chair .	'Ab - Doer .
"From""I used to have a car like that"",we can see that old man misunderstood Michael said"	"'the old man really had a car like that', ""the old man knew his son 's farm in the US was quite large"
From the passage , it can be inferred that holiday sales seem increase year year	'credit cards and debit cards are the same thing
Why do the young now refuse to admire anyone ? Because rush find faults person .	'Because there are fewer heroes than before .
This passage mainly wants to introduce information five - year plan digital learning U.S.	'tell readers how to use digital devices for learning
69 . After watching the gestures of speakers of the three different languages , Dr. Kita concluded that every language special way describe things	"'Japanese and Turkish people could n\'t express the meaning of "" swing """
All of the following are true EXCEPT hotel fall fixed date every year	'the hotel costs at least 1
The ratings are not important for golf and tennis programs because    advertisers target rich people	'their viewers are attracted by sports
Stratford is center England	'full of woods 
The passage tells us that in Australia law requires drivers passengers use seat belts	'about 50 % of the drivers wear seat belts
Who has a tennis bat ? Mary brother .	'Gina and Mary .
Which of the following is NOT true ? If drink sodas coffee , need drink water .	'The people who eat breakfast are healthier .
The writer of this passage would probably favor    billboards along road .	"""bus drivers who were n't caring ."
It can be concluded from the passage that one change / life changing / thoughts	'childhood is the best time for developing good habits
According to the text , which of the following is correct ? Moving arms walking help lose weight .	'Wearing a piece of reflective clothing can make you look smart .
The ants died because dried desert	'space caused too much pain
According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true ? David Guetta head experiment	'The research was carried out by Brighton - based Mind lab International .
Why was it difficult for Ms Cheng to find another nursing job ? People thought old take new job .	"""People thought that old people could n't be trusted ."
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Men Talk Differently Women	'Women are Socially Trained to Talk
People learn better through TV than through radio because people hear also watch	"'TV sets are bigger than radios', ""without TV people ca n't open their eyes"
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Rain thinks important .	'None of the colors would agree with others .
According to the text , we know that Simple talk is to help solve questions writing pages	'talk with the editor who can help you publish your articles
What did the researchers find vital as to rate people 's sense of happiness from the passage ? Recording people 's feelings emotions quickly .	'Writing down how they felt on a piece of paper .
What should you know about farecard machine ? They make change $ 5 .	'They start selling tickets at 9:30 a. m.
About The Naked and The Dead , which of the following is true ? It shows bravery cruelty men facing war .	"'There are a lot of interesting characters in the book .', ""It 's about American soldiers fighting Germany in World War II ."
"Which of the following statement is NOT TRUE ? In prehistoric time people lived happily without laws "" state nature "" ."	'Without laws we may fail to hold on to our property
The author wrote the passage to tell us money n't always mean happiness	'happiness is everything
The vet taught the farmer how     make cow take pills	'to blow the tube
What can we know from the text ? People careful applying credit card .	'Banks actually prefer to see more late payment .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Women better understanding body language men .	"""Women 's body language is easier to understand ."
According to the passage , Susan Sontag would agree to the ideas except Cancer defeated special problem repressed personalities .	'We should try hard to follow every new development in literature 
Why has Wang Yan become overweight ? Because likes eating snacks .	'Because she likes eating vegetables
The text mainly tells us that number Internet users increasing fast	"""the Internet is playing an important role in people 's lives"
You can become a member of ISP by contacting Elaine	'visiting News & Events page
What 's true about bats according to the passage ? Researchers studied bats help save people .	"""They carry many deadly diseases like SARS so it 's easy for them to get sick ."
What harmful effect of polluted air is mentioned in other studies ? The harmful effect lungs heart .	'The harmful effect on learning .
Which of the following may Peter Lynch agree about caddying ? His caddying experiences contributed later career .	'He could have a relaxing job as a caddie .
Who is going to   give a party for Mary ? Mrs Green	'Mrs White
The assistant tried to ask the young man to buy carnations instead of roses because roses expensive carnations	'carnations were nicer than roses
Seeing David smashing the potato chips , the counselor did the same thing in response because he found possible help David release anger	'would like David to eat more of them
The author aims to tell us that men 's minds decline age	"""women 's minds perform better than men 's"
Which statement is Not true ? Wan failed fight back men attacked rioters .	'The riot caused a lot of property loss of the Chinese people
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To help tourists make good preparations holidays .	'To attract the tourists to travel abroad .
Which of the following did NOT the writer do to help the kids ? She gave kids money .	"""She supported the kids ' ideas ."
Which might the real reason why Rudi always brings MJ while working ? MJ make pleased relaxed .	"""MJ enjoys people 's attention ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Over fifty million people read National Geographic Magazine every month .	'The National Geographic Magazine was later shortened to National Magazine .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Emma Daniels stayed Montreal time .	'Emma Daniels stayed in Israel in 1974 for half a year .
Which of the following statements is true according to Golden ? Future buses receive signals change routes accordingly :	'New buses will take the place of cars as a way of transportation .
According to the passage , why do n't some people drink water straight from the kitchen faucet ? Because think bottled water healthier water tap .	"""Because local governments do n't make sure that water from the faucet is safe ."
From the passage , we can come to a conclusion that modern technology used raise money charity	"'"" I \'m "" is a computer virus that will not be easily removed"
We are good listeners in our own language because practiced years	'we have a natural ability of learning language
According to Para . 1 , we know that in Edinburgh University coursework done computers	"'computers are not allowed to be used during exams', ""students should n't use their pens during exams"
Which of the following advantages did Nathan have over Tim ? Nathan fitter knew quickest ways mountain .	'Nathan had a better bike and knew the shortcuts up the mountain .
What could be the best title for the passage ? Charm Detour	'The Road to Bravery
From the passage we can infer that 2013 CES , TV section crowded	"'the CES is held every 4 years', 'if you watch TV every day ', "" you need n't see a doctor"
According to the story , which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? The Fugitive Slave Law protected running slaves North .	'Harriet Tubman used to work as a nurse during the Civil War .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? It 's time take care water use .	'Something must be done to prevent water from being polluted .
It can be inferred from the passage that people kind hunting probably rich	'the animals usually get really hungry before dying
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? All problems aging society solved robots .	'A robot can imitate people to complete complicated tasks .
The economical way of meeting the Disney cartoon characters is watch Diamond Horseshoe show	'to have a character breakfast
What can we learn about sitting ? People usually sit long time nowadays .	'Sitting is the best position for the body .
According to the passage , which is the best title ? treat life right way .	'Glass balls are easy to be broken .
The passage does n't say but it implies that in daily communication fit ( ... ) words proper situations	'arguments often happen between kids and parents
Why do the Britain people feel insular ? Because separated geographically Continent	'Because they are different from those people in the Continent
The passage mainly talks about development advertisement	'the first advertisement in the world
Which person could be the right one for the Webster ? He 35,speaks good English Far Eastern language , travel six months year knows make money .	'He is 28
What should you do if you are with someone who is bitten by an adder ? Do n't try treat bite .	'Catch the biting adder at onece .
The best title for this passage may be How Make Guitar	'What a Guitar Is Made of
What can learn from the passage that national regulation banning smoking public .	"""The momentum was not too strong to make the country 's public places smoke free ."
What can we know from the passage ? Brits known love gardening much love tea .	'Brits love gardening as much as before .
Which of the following is NOT right according to the passage ? To keep touch new friends , 'd better tell phone number address .	"'Listen to your friends carefully and keep their secrets .', 'If you have an argument with your good friend ', "" you 'd better say sorry to him or her first ."
Which sentence is correct ? Jenny wanted go restaurant husband .	'Jenny could have dinner ready in five minutes .
This passage is mainly written to encourage people visit Reptile Petting Zoo	'tell people when the Reptile Petting Zoo is open
The passage focuses on discussing reasons cheating	'making the reader believe that cheating is immoral
Why did the police arrest all the Negroes ? They suspected firebugs .	'One of them had jumped out of the home on fire .
Which of the following statements isTRUE ? Today Scotchmen may dress kilts formal occasions .	'Today the kilt is never seen in Scotland .
What can we learn from the passage ? Santiago proved brave enough fight nature .	'As Santiago was old and weak 
Jonathan Davis hopes that the lessons will help parents communicate better school	'help the parents get along better with their children
Something looks white because it reflects light	'some light
Why did he speak for himself ? He wanted show guilty .	'He wanted to live in the house next to the whites .
In this passage , which of the following is NOT considered as a change caused by the use of scientific findings in the production of goods ? The increased exploitation   workers 19th century .	'Other forms of energy have taken the place of human power .
Why did Barbala insist that Kate should take a sleeping pill ? Because Barbala hoped sister would good sleep first exam .	'Because she thought Kate should oversleep before the first exam .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? It appears bald eagle survive .	'The total area of forests in the world has increased significantly .
According to her mother 's words , Clare felt sympathetic sister others trouble	'always inspired her disabled sister
Scientists think animals can help people to do something know get food something .	'because animals are so clever .
The main idea of this passage is wave energy causes wave action	'what makes particles of water move
China sent the Shenzhou X into space to test new technologies construction space station	'learn how to make use of a manned space station
After several hours of talking , the writer decided buy policy	'decided to buy the policy
If you are fatter below your hip    you are pear - shaped person	'either an apple - shaped person or a pear - shaped person
It can be inferred from the passage that main character always follows set pattern time - travel TV dramas China	'China now has banned any forms of productions about time travel
According to the passage . Treetops is famous in the world because Princess Elizabeth got crown coming	'it is built round several trees
What can we learn from the text ? People different opinions charter schools .	'More students choose to attend charter schools .
The two schools of thought advocate different policies set different countries .	'both think dealing with cultural environment is the most complicated problem in business
According to the text , HayleyH suggests schools spend less money books	'hopes school libraries can provide more books
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? No More Christmas Tree Us	'How to Select a Christmas Tree
Why did the author agree to let the man spend the night in his house at last ? Because man said would cause much inconvenience .	'Because the man said he had come from the eastern shore .
What can be inferred from the passage ? Design school students better practice studying .	'To be a fashion designer 
You are going to attend a dinner party , and 'd better bring certain present	'you must leave home for it at 7 p. m.
The author finally realized that father actually gave valuable gift	'the new bike actually belonged to him
The passage was written mainly to correct wrong ideas looking jobs	'tell people how to get a good job
"By saying "" But with cooking , as with any other skill , good results do n't happen by accident "" , the author means good cooking n't come easily ; needs lot practice"	'just like any other skill 
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The writer quick notice strange condition father .	"'The writer accompanied his father to a medical examination .', ""The writer 's father got worse after the removal of the brain tumor ."
Cutting back all side branches by a third is to    help apple tree form well - balanced shape	'remove the diseased and broken branches
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Jane Mr. Rochester enjoy 's company Thornfield .	'Mr. Rochester expects Blanche to marry him .
What does the author try to argue in the passage ? Zoos worth public support .	'Zoos fail in their attempt to save animals .
What do we learn from the text ? Drivers Bay Area digital billboards .	'Scenic America is an organization that is in favor of digital billboards .
According to the author , passengers would be happier if they could get tickets much lower prices	'could fly in the latest model of good planes
In elementary school they should stay there six years	'for three years
According to the passage , which statement is right about the job interview ? The manager got manners interview .	'Maxwell was 30 minutes late .
What made the policeman believe the old man 's words ? The light burnt policeman 's hands .	'He made the policeman touch the light .
What is the best way to service your car ? To car serviced service station .	'.To service your car by yourself .
What is the main idea of the text ? Age limit blind guide dogs removed .	"""Blind people need guide dogs ' assistance in their daily life ."
Which of the following can be regarded as a Cow ? A person changes job often	'A person who leaves home because of family trouble
What 's Katy 's dream ? To trip along river Scotland boat .	'To travel to Scotland by boat .
According to the writer , Britain is a country well prepared snow	'which has regular snow
We can infer from the article that children adults different natural cycles sleep wakefulness	'the Oxford University project is targeted at all British high schools
Which opinion might the writer agree with according to the article ? If old stuff done supposed , let go .	'Nothing is more valuable than your love for your old stuff .
Which of the following about handathon is not right ? Handathons competitions , competitors n't encourage .	'The person who takes part in it should stand still .
Why does children know more than their parents do nowadays ? Because children get information using new technoloies .	'Because parents teach the children about almost everything .
From the passage , we know that Sonia Italy would like room relax play computer games	"""Richard from the USA thinks his dream school should start at 10 o'clock"
Which is true ? Land die trees .	'Trees let the rainwater run off .
Which of the following statements is true ? You try achieve small success believe success first .	'You should try your best to help the negative people around you .
The earliest education was probably to make people get way living	'make a man lead a better life
What can we infer from the passage ? People expected high London Heathrow Terminal 5 .	'Something went wrong on the very first day of the opening .
what 's the writer 's purpose in writing the passage ? To tell us good ways remembering new words .	'To explain why it is not hard to learn new words .
What was Alan doing when his mother spoke to him ? Painting car two color1s .	'Painting his car all red .
What makes Pheme different from a traditional lie detector ? It examines statement 's truthfulness directly .	'It works by attaching a machine to a potential liar .
What can we infer from the passage ? The new ways making speeches popular young .	'University presidents consider it good to build close ties with students .
Why Mrs. Higgins 's face became a frightened and broken one ? Mrs. Higgins sad disappointed son done .	'Mrs. Higgins was afraid that his son would be in prison
According to a study of by - standers , what will some people do when a man ahead falls down on the sidewalk ? They turn away eyes go walking .	'They will call for help and then walk away .
The story is mainly about family saved birds garden	'why the birds died in the garden
BCI is a technology that can connect human brain computers	'help to make computer systems more modern
The researchers that developed this robot got the idea from     way babies learn control bodies	"""human 's facial expressions ."
Sharks eat other fish , protection plants forms life oceans	'which is a threat to all other forms of life in the oceans
The study tells us that minority participants became new sufferers	'l2
According to the passage , people nowadays tend to do the following EXCEPT enjoying travelling better without carrying Hi - Tech equipment	'thinking ill of a hotel without Wi - Fi
We can learn from the passage that Kieran made great progress many aspects	'the youth have found a way to solve their problems
Why are animals who live in groups especially likely to follow rules ? Because make easier living way .	'Because they can have a harder time hunting in that way .
When it is night , the half of the Earth away Sun	'goes around the Sun
From the passage we know author felt precious see beauty tree	'the author thought of the stars as beautiful as the tree
Which of the following is NOT helpful for your understanding ? Reading beginning end without stop .	'Thinking about an idea in different ways .
What problem are the boy and his parents facing ? They difficulty communicating understanding .	"""The boy ca n't go to school because of money ."
"Why does the author mention "" a certain Kirn Kardashian image "" ? tell us "" Duang "" also draws attention West ."	"'to tell us "" Duang "" is just like a certain image on a certain multicolored dress ."
Which of the following statements is true ? The English police usually leave deep impression visitors .	'The British bobby is friendly but not helpful .
The writer mentions Donna Jackson mainly to explain young people like podcasts	'introduce what programs podcasts are presenting
The woman put the bird in the fridge because bird spoke dirty words	'she wanted to cook it on Thanksgiving Day
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Meet Easy Jet 's youngest female airline captain	"'Kate Mc Williams - An amazing female pilot', ""Ages do n't matter"
The students of Sandy Hook Elementary School resumed classes in a new school in Monroe because shooting crime happened school still treated crime scene	'their school fell down because of a natural disaster
When can the string be taken away ? When young tree grows strong enough	'When the old man has left
Hemingway 's short stories were first published World War I.	'before World War I.
Which of the following is TRUE ? The writer knew name girl evening .	'Smile is the key to closing the door of the heart .
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? The Davidson Academy Nevada emphasizes social gift academic gift .	'At the age of 3 
The title   of the story should be Einstein His Old Coat	'Einstein and His Friend
Dr. Poumerol suggests bringing a note that written English local language	'shows all your health and safety requirements
Which of the following statements does the writer agree with according to the passage ? It 's natural neighbors friendly .	'Neighbors are usually unwilling to greet newcomers .
The TV program mentioned in the text filmed Atacama	"""tells Atacama 's similarities to Mars"
A person 's choice of a particular hotel is made mainly according to much willing pay night	'whether the hotel is in the central part of a city
According to the prison minister , prisoners allowed answer letters	"'the man was not allowed to write to the prisoners', ""the man could n't go to see the prisoners himself"
The author does n't seem to believe children time learnt tell time	"'a Flick Flak can help parents teach their children how to tell time', ""the Flick Flak can take children 's imagination"
". The best title for the passage would be ""   A Pioneer Modern Dance"	'Dance in the Twentieth Century
Why do universities consider rankings important ? Rankings make appealing .	"""Rankings are students ' only reference ."
According to the passage , we know that European explorers took chilies Europe 1500s .	'people only ate food grown near their homes after 1719 .
If Jim cuts his finger , what first aid should you give according to the passage ? We clean put piece clean paper round cut .	'We should wash the cut with cold running water .
Which of the following can be the proper title of the news ? Chinese Korean Displeasure	'China 
What is this passage mainly about ? Some activities fun Long Beach .	"""Do 's and don'ts in Long Beach ."
The passage is mainly concerned with     use colours cells affect criminals ' psychology	'the relationship between colours and psychology
Why did Lonnie Love make efforts to improve 3-D printing with his team ? Because additive manufacturing might produce unreliable materials .	'Because he just was interested in making new things .
According to the passage ,    readers able rent eBooks Amazon . com	'eBooks will be changed into other types by Amazon . com
Which of the following is TRUE about Elvish ? Elvish also used film The Hobbit .	"'The translation of "" washed "" in Elvish is "" allu "" .', ""The form of a noun does n't change in Elvish ."
Why did the author want to buy the farm in a hurry ? He wanted keep farm .	'He hoped to enlarge the forest on the farm .
It can be inferred from the article that red different meanings depending context	'the color red is not as popular as it was before in Britain
Why do phones make people 's lives easier ? As long two people phone , communicate .	"'They make it easy to buy things .', ""Telemarketers will call your phone so you do n't have to go shopping"
From the article we can learn that Angelina Jolie Cambodia	'has adopted another child in Cambodia
Who 's Liu Hong 's father ? Liu Jie	'Liu Hui
The author mostly talks about general things paid attention hiking	'general rules for hiking in mountainous areas
The main idea of this passage is that satellite is now used in weather forecasting	'taking pictures of the atmosphere
Why will the White House visitor records be open to the public ? To let public know influencing policies .	'To attract more visitors to the White House .
What do we know about Vesta ? It another dwarf planet Dawn explore .	'It is in the main belt of asteroids between the planets Mars and Venus .
"The best title for the passage might be "" One Man 's Meat Another Man 's Poison"	'Snail and Octopus
Who will be most likely interested in the webpage ? Those plan family vacations working farms .	'Kids who want to find pleasure in the theme parks .
The original aim of the study is to look for reasons lions eating people	'ways of treating toothaches of lions
What is the outstanding feature of the SLS ? It send lot goods passengers space .	"""It 's the first unmanned space shuttle in the world ."
From this passage , we know that women need true consideration needs feelings	'men have given up some politeness they used to show to women
All the following points are advantages of using medical e - mail EXCEPT reliable	'it enables patients and doctors to understand each other better
We can learn from the passage that entry returned even n't win contest	'the editors of the contest will decide who will win the prizes
The students should keep classroom clean tidy	'empty the waste paper basket after each lesson
From the passage we learn it 's good for us to many fun activities around food	'go out to eat fast food with friends
Which statement is TRUE according to the passage ? Herman Melville stayed man - eaters naval service .	'Henry David Thoreau was passionately opposed to horrible events .
What 's the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To encourage shy people talk others .	'To show that high school is really exciting .
The author uses his own story mainly to tell us that great job , enabled find better one	"'he never liked fast food and would never eat it', ""he did n't like working in a fast food restaurant at all"
The passage mainly tells us that officials asked cycle perform duties	'cycling becomes a popular sports in South Jakarta
Which of the following is the best title ? A real job teachers	'Study in and outside school
Lang Lang is trying his best to    introduce China 's music West	'play sold - out tours across Chinese cities
According to the text , young people want to make a new culture of their own , because n't feel belong world older people	'they do not want to get into trouble
Which of the following is NOT correct according to the passage ? Chicago paints bridge green Saint Patrick 's Day .	"""Parade is a most important event to celebrate Saint Patrick 's Day ."
What ocean is in the north of Canada ? The Arctic Ocean .	'The Pacific Ocean .
""" we need a Shark in our life to keep us awake and moving""means     The society live like fish tank , need challenges keep us energized ."	'we need challenges of too large or too numerous to make us energized .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Go match human champion Google 's AI draws wide attention	"'Humans challenge artificial intelligence', ""Human Go champion will defeat Google 's AI AlphaGo in Go games"
Which of the following is NOT the influences caused by the leak of Fukushima Dai - Ichi Nuclear Power Station ? The concentration radioactivity seawater diluted .	'Workers at the nuclear station are suffering the risk of death .
Which position is most suitable for a retired person ? Weekend Work Rubberlast Group Ltd.	"'Part - time Shop Assistant .', ""Teaching Assistant in Hania 's Playschool ."
Which of the following statements is INCORRECT ? Double stars provide steady light heat .	'The planet must be as big and heavy as the earth .
Which of the following is the author 's personal idea ? It China better claim islands navigational records .	'It is the two Japanese naval ships that are to blame for the conflict .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Listeners ' ability identify taller speaker much higher lucky guess .	'Our voice is made up of the subglottal resonance .
Where are Leonardo da Vinci 's works shown ? In main West Wing .	'In the East Wing .
What is the passage mainly about ? Farming organically growing around world .	'Organic food has become much more common .
Leslie often embarrassed overweight height .	'had never looked anybody in their eyes .
What can we get to know according to the first passage ? Both B C	'His father kept looking for him .
You can watch a whale exploding out of the water at Glacier Bay National Park	'the Klondike Gold Rush National Park
The purpose of writing this passage is to introduce museums encourage parents visit children	'ask grown - ups to visit museums
The author cried because realized 's wrong decision make change	"'she found that she looked ugly in the skirt', ""she was aware the skirt did n't fit her well"
Those who appeared on stages were famous singer , film stars music entertainers	'People who tried to save others from the burning World trade Center and the Pentagon .
Jack sat down in front of the visitor because he wanted visitor leave house soon	'the visitor to talk with him
What is mainly talked about in the passage ? Problems international travel future .	'Middle class people in different countries .
Why did the Guomindang government take these treasures to Taiwan ? Because defeated People 's Liberation Army .	'Because the Japanese invaded the northeast part of China .
The book The Little Prince is one of the best - selling books in history because sold many 200 million copies 253 languages dialects	"'you must know about it if you love reading books', ""it shows The Little Prince 's story in a beautiful way"
What can we infer from the passage ? The host mom cared Yuxin 's overall    development .	"""Yuxin 's life with her American host family went very smoothly from the beginning ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE about Laurence Kembell - Cook ? His original motive invent Pavegen tiles save energy .	'He keeps all the technology behind this green tile a secret .
According to Paragrah1 , Red Riding Hood popular children time .	'is too old for children to read
Which is true according to this text ? China produces digital books country .	'The development of publishing industry in the past was out of control .
Who are against the idea of putting ads on the ouiside of school buses ? Dorie Nolt Cindy Tomarchio .	'Devra Ash and Michael Beauchamp .
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? How New York Became America 's Largest City	'The Development of Transportation in New York
What is the main purpose of the author in writing this text ? To attract readers USA Today .	"""To introduce Valentine 's Day ."
We can learn from the passage that visitors Cliffs Dover impressed history	'Claude Monet got his inspiration partly from Cliffs of Dover
What can we learn about Lake Mead from the text ? It formed Hoover Dam .	'It is a beautiful natural lake .
In the letter , Jenny suggests Lucy should make friends	'make friends with Susan and Lily
Dr. Samuel Johnson 's words are put at the beginning of the advertisement to draw reader 's attention	'show the excellence of the Original London Tour .
The writer made the decision to improve his handwriting because boss asked work handwriting	"""he was shocked by his boss ' good handwriting"
Why can the land become deserts ? People n't keep earth well .	"""Some places do n't get much rain ."
Winter Vinecki took part in marathons mainly to spread knowledge prostate cancer	'receive education about prostate cancer
Which of the following is n't mentioned in the passage ? The amount water person drink day .	'Some healthy problems start because of a lack of water .
Which of the following is TRUE as for Mary Arnott as an exception to the exception ? She 's healthy mind sharp .	'She lives with her daughter .
Mr. Li came to Miss Wang 's class to find much English Chinese Miss Wang using class	'practice speaking English
It is known from the passage that Donald Freeland gave jeans whole new design	'the zipper was always on the front side of all jeans
The passage mainly discusses taxi drivers ' attitude riders personal trouble	'the way to please taxi riders
What can we learn from the passage ? Hi iaki good friend Hopoe got idea dance nature .	'The hula had already had a history had a history of over 200 years when it was banned .
From the passage we learn that something successfully , needed	'a good planning is the most important in the job of selling
What would be the best title for the passage ? Wildfire smoke becomes serious health problem .	'Climate change causes more wildfires .
What have researchers found out about the influence of parents and the school on children 's intelligence ? Parents school equal power .	'Parents have greater influence than the school .
In the game , the students should carry bag potatoes everywhere go	'keep the bag of potatoes in the classroom
The passage is designed mainly to make us learn great people inventions China	'give some information about China
From the story , we can know Grandma loves James .	'Grandma knows how to play soccer .
From the passage we know that the author one favor Toivari - Viitala 's ideas plans	'is one of the workmen who built the tombs in the Valley of the Kings
What do scientists think is the biggest danger facing Antarctic ? Warming sea water temperature .	'Rising sea levels .
What 's the writer 's purpose to write this passage ? To introduce training course readers	'To persuade readers to take part in the training courses .
Which hotel does not provide service to drive its guests to the airport or metro stations ? The Highlander Motor Inn	'Americana Hotel Crystal City
What 's the main idea of Professor Le , a member of the Chinese Psychological Society ? Helping mental health efficient depending others .	"'Recovering from the earthquake mainly depends on others .', ""Do n't talk to your friends when you are in bad mood ."
The passage is mainly about traffic rules	'rush hours
What do we know about grown - ups ? They find children 's games easy .	"'They are not interested in games .', ""They do n't need a reason to play games ."
We can learn from the passage that tragedies may make people buy expensive goods	'sad and self - focused people are poor
What is the main purpose of the writer ? To introduce steps making friends .	'To tell us about the importance of making friends .
The passage mainly tells us watermelons could used make fuel	'watermelon juice will be the largest source of renewable energy
The passage aims at proving that likeable people better life generally	'likeable people give better advice
According to the article , which is the right order of the degrees a person can receive after going to university ? bachelor 's degree - master 's degree - doctor 's degree	"""a doctor 's degree - a bachelor 's degree - a master 's degree"
Which of the following statements might Professor Thomas Baldwin agree with ? It would dangerous experiments humanised animals .	'It is necessary to do some experiments about humanised animals .
Why did Alice think she was not herself ? Because changed several times day made feel puzzled .	"""Because she did n't like her changes"
According to the passage , eating plenty of vegetables and fruit ca n't let want eat food	'prevent disease
Which may NOT keep yourself away from colds and flu ? Touching nose eyes close someone cold .	'Staying away from those who have colds and flu .
Bill was suspected of being infected with HIV after found something wrong tongue	'he got married to Karen
What can be learned from the passage ? The author takes great care children life .	"""The author 's children always make wrong decisions ."
What 's the passage mainly about ? Italian life .	'Italian family .
What can we infer from the passage ? Ling afraid punished failure planting .	'The other youths felt angry about what Ling had done .
What conclusion does the author intend to draw from the story told by the nursery school teacher ? Watching violence lower child 's standard behaviour .	'Violent TV programs should be banned in nursery schools .
One of the conclusions of the new research is that people high esteem tend proud	"""feeling good about oneself does n't mean you lead a happier life"
What does this passage primarily concern ? The Power Words .	'The Meaning of Words .
What steps has the university taken to prepare for the storm ? The university asked students prepare necessary things case evacuation .	'The university has asked students to leave the school at once .
"The best title for the passage might be ""   Peary Henson : Arctic explorers"	"'The mapping of the Arctic Ocean .', ""Early explorers ' trips to the South Pole"
.Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Preschool diets impact children 's school work .	"'Children should have more""junk food""at lunch time ."
A characteristic of the new age mentioned in the passage is that people service industry	'the service industry mainly relies on females
Why do n't your parents let you drink dirty water ? There must lots germs .	"""Water ca n't be drunk in this way ."
In the political case in the 1970s , Mr Sulzberger gave government	'lost the controlling stake in The New York Times
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? People get fewer handwritten letters friends .	'Personal memory becomes more important .
A SydneyPass does n't offer unlimited rides on CityRail services	'the harbour cruises
Some passengers are unhappy because ca n't served time .	'the special coffee costs too much .
"What can we know from the passage ? We buy two pairs ( 
 ) trousers 104 yuan Lucy 's store ."	"'The store sells T - shirts for three colors .', ""A girl can find red shoes in Lucy 's store ."
The best title for this passage should be Red squirrel populations wiped Northern Italy	'Red squirrels and grey squirrels struggle hard
What is the conclusion of the study made by the scientists from the universities ? Some fish recognize faces .	'Some fish may ignore your presence .
The director of a film important person film studio	'says how only one scene should be filmed
While filming near the water hole , the author and his team . thought elephant good condition	'knew the elephant was injured
Writing this passage , the writer 's main purpose is to introduce foreign accent syndrome related information	'warn people not to be at the risk of experiencing a stroke
What 's the main purpose of the article ? To inspire college students set goals college life .	'To encourage everyone to develop motivation for whatever they are doing ..
According to the passage , Elias Howe was first person design sewing machine really worked	'the first person we know of who solved problems in his sleep
How should we overcome negative emotions that the changes bring ? We actively accustom new circumstance .	'We are not supposed to face the changes and let them alone .
How does The Little Girl get to know the story of The Little Prince ? She reads pages The Aviator writes sends .	'Her mother wants her to get ready to enter the grown - up world .
"The scientific way of saying "" The stars are shining tonight "" should be stars shining long ago seen tonight ."	'the stars have been shining all the time .
The main idea   of the text is Max Bill best friends	'Max and Bill go to the same school
What did Nicky Morgan indicate in her claim ? STEM subjects make young people choose future jobs freely .	'If you want to do some different 
Why did the nurse at the hospital cry suddenly ? Because felt sad writer 's experience .	'Because she felt amazed at their happy marriage .
Why are scientists curious about the lemmings ' behavior ? Because unusual animals kill .	'Because they are the only animals that live in Scandinavia .
What should one do in order to made an overseas call ? Check phone book overseas area codes dial direct .	'Call the Southern Bell Telephone Company
Why did n't the clerk Charlie wear glasses one day ? His old glasses broken .	'His glasses were missing .
"According to this passage , which of the following statements in NOT TRUE ? You get tickets 
 The Oprah Winfrey soon arrive ."	'You are free to go to the Art Institute on Tuesdays .
From the passage we can infer that by writing the article the writer 's purpose is to persuade young show concern parents	'ask the young to go home regularly
"Why is "" a loaf of bread "" repeatedly mentioned ? To show effect price changes"	'To express dissatisfaction with the price of bread
What is the challenge for the banking industry according to the text ? To make online banking attractive .	'To offer online banking for free .
We can learn from the text that Liz Kennedy Janice Lieberman writers	'an Eye View Camera measures calories burned
It seemed that the dolphins slapped the water with their tails to stop lifeguards harmed sharks	'attack the white sharks and the lifeguards
The reason why a desktop computer uses more energy than a laptop computer is that desktop computer 's monitor separate often larger	'a desktop computer is larger than a laptop computer in size
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? It hard person wear dentures teeth fallen .	'Partial dentures can prevent the remaining teeth from changing position .
What 's tile passage mainly about ? Sea turtles suffering plastic pollution .	'How to prevent the sea turtle from plastic .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Chinese students awards .	'Not all the themes were about local subjects .
If it has been over 12 hours since you missed a dose , you should take next dose regular time	'change the amount of your next dose
The main idea of the passage is that job market changed greatly past five years	'a lot of graduates are losing their jobs
Which of the following is TRUE ? The parents respect trust tell .	"""It 's easy for children to tell their parents the things they have done wrong ."
Which sentence is true according to the passage ? The woman happy found stone .	"""The traveler did n't like the stone at last ."
From the passage we can learn that writer lot learn ideal friend	"'the writer and his ideal friend have a lot to learn from each other', ""the writer 's ideal friend has a lot to learn from him"
What serious problems might the plan cause according to the passage ? The comet might hit Earth man might lose moon .	'Earth might be moved too far away and man might be frozen to death .
The other women 's face remained hard because baby	'she thought it was fair to cut the baby in half
The author used the example of being refused to join in the dance routine to show that actually n't physically strong	'he is as strong as a body builder
To get home delivery service , you must    register ahead time	'only choose printed books
What is the main idea of the passage ? New technology causes trouble recyclers .	'Experts are trying to solve the tech - trash problem .
Which of the following statements about theperiod3 is wrong ? One either two longs two shorts .	'It affects whether you like to stay up late or get up early .
Where is Li Lei ?     He 's reading river .	"""He 's sitting on the river ."
Which of the following sentences is Wrong Sophia never disturbed tea parties .	'Sophia is thankful for what her strict mother has made her
The passage mainly tells us Grand Slam champion -- Li Na	'something about how to play tennis
What can be inferred from the passage ? O. Henry n't start career successful writer living central Austin .	"""Most of O. Henry 's short stories were finished in prison ."
Which of the following can not be found in the Yale University Art Gallery ? British art illustrated books .	'Near and Far Eastern art .
According to the text , we can learn about museums ' great interest retired shuttles	"""people 's opinions of Discovery 's retirement"
What is the text mainly about ? Chinese women 's solo travelling .	"'Travelling purposes and requirements .', ""Travelling costs and travellers'feelings ."
Why does the writer think we should try to take care of our skin today ? In order help us problems future .	'To help us warm up when we are cold .
Which is right ? Mr. Black drives eighteen kilometers fact .	"""The woman does n't know the way to the hotel"
What problems will some returning soldiers and marines meet with ? How readjust civilian life .	'How to return to school for benefits .
According to the article , which of the following statements about single sex education is TRUE ? In - boys schools boys worst academic performances improved .	"""Girls ' performances in single sex classrooms are determined by their ability and socioeconomic status ."
Which of the following will the author accept ? One must read instructions playing theme parks .	'Children should notplay in theme parks .
A good teacher knows hold interest students	'must have a good voice
"Hearing Katie 's mother 's words , Katie 's friends were in amazement because mistook "" pants "" American underpants"	"""Katie 's mother got mud on her jeans"
It can be learned from the passage that children n't agree mother 's decision	'the woman needed the great reward for her big family
Which of the following statements is True of Kevin Stephan ? He worked part - time local restaurant save money college	'He was hit on the face by a boy and almost lost his life
According to the passage , in what situation do you need to contact your doctor ? You frequently trouble sleeping .	'You can not nap in the day time .
After he arrives at the station , he wants to short sleep	'tell the time
The Greens take many photos in China because they want English people know China	'want to sell these photos
The author wants to tell us that crimes civilization two sides development	'crimes are part of civilization in some of the cities
Which would be the best title for the text ? Animals belong circuses Yes No	'Enjoy more fun in circuses
Which of the following is NOT true ? If Death seated head , patient could never saved .	'The weaver had a dozen children altogether .
Which is the best title for the passage ? Money Sky .	'Police and Money .
Why do n't landfills make good neighbors ? Because unhealthy materials .	'Because people prefer to live in the city center .
At last the writer came to realize that one should accept change open mind	'find ways to enjoy a new life
Peter 's marriage surprised the writer because Peter absorbed mountain climbing	"""Peter did n't like girls"
Which of the followings is not true according to the passage ? All passengers Chuck Noland survive air crash .	'Chuck Noland goes home to spend his holidays .
The passage mainly tells us that future man look quite different us	"""man 's life will be different in the future"
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Telescreens used broadcast spy citizens ' privacy .	"'When Orwell wrote 1984 ', "" paper shredders did n't exist ."
What did Ron 's father think about his leaving school ? He thought son right thing .	'He did not like the idea 
That day Charlie wished students could learn chemical reaction	'his students could find the atom of carbon
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Friends important teenagers .	"'How to make friends .', ""The communication is Important in children 's growing up ."
What does the writer want to show us readers by talking about this story ? Mom 's love selless great	'Mom has changed her daily habits .
All of the following are true EXCEPT Brits many public parks spend relaxing time	"""Brits ' gentle temperament makes them enjoy gardening"
A friend might tell you that his new job was easy shooting fish barrel	'easy come easy go
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? Hundreds people beach died tsunami .	'Some cities had power failure after the quake .
What 's the main idea of the text ? The decline MGM .	'The past glories of MGM .
It can be learned from the passage that reporter thinks well second novel	"""Zhao Yue does n't like puppy love"
Where can you enjoy both convenient transport and beautiful beaches ? Melbourne , Australia .	'Hong Kong 
"The app "" Forest "" is used to help people better control smartphone using"	'encourage people to plant more trees
The main idea of the text is that tuhao may end Oxford English Dictionary	'sometimes pinyin makes Chinese words better understood
It can be inferred from the story that love one 's job one keys success	'young boy clerks are more interested in their jobs
On the highways , the police will stop you if your speed is over 55 miles per hour	'25 miles per hour
From the text we can know that law offer food wild pigs	'in Berlin people can never kill any wild pig
What could be the best title for the text ? Philadelphia Makes History	'Philadelphia Makes a Difference
According to Dr . Aric Sigman , children 's screen time limited	"'most childhood obesity problems are caused by bad TV watching habits', ""children under seven should n't watch TV at all"
The passage    wants to tell us that know weather animals	'only animals can tell the weather
what can be the best title for the text ? Ireland , past present	'Life in Ireland
Which air crash resulted from terrorist attack ? Pan Am Flight 103	"""China Airlines ' Flight 140"
From the passage , we know that No one knows whose dog .	"""The dog is Bob 's ."
One should enter the Little Rock Zoo before 4:00 pm	'4:30 pm
What does the author mean by saying parents are not completely off the look at the end of the passage ? Parents take responsibility .	'Parents should control the situation .
The mother 's anger and confusion was probably because praying heart would cruel thing	"""she was in despair after finding out about her son 's heart disease ."
What would be the best title for this story ? Father Basketball	'History of Basketball
What can we infer from the passage ? You climb stairs top tower enjoy view .	'You can go to visit the tower any day you like .
We can infer from the passage that schools in New York always find ways earn money	'sell baked food to students
The author of the passage thinks people 's dream living Mars may come true	'thinks that trips to the moon are impossible
Which of the following has NOT contributed to the change in the parent - child relationship ? Younger parents .	'Parent effectiveness training .
Who is likely to start a conversation with a complete stranger according to the passage ? A woman carrying bright colored handbag .	'A woman with her handbag carried under the shoulder .
The passage is intended to inform readers new study	'teach consumers how to eat better
When Andrew was approaching the house sure would pleasently surprise wife	'he was sure that his neighbor would help him
What did the author find after he was gifted with the dog ? It unsuitable keep dog .	"""He did n't like the dog at all ."
Pound and his friends used images express ideas	'were good at describing abstract images
The passage mainly shows us patience , courage love	'how to watch paintings
What happens when teachers pay too much attention to the psychology of their lessons ? They pay enough attention actual lessons .	'They find that the children dislike the lessons .
A new international study shows three hundred sixty smokers die smoking every hour	'in 2020 
Why do people go to Lake Tekapo according to the passage ? To observe starry night sky	'To visit its friendly people
We can learn from the passage that prejudice mothers UK employment market	"'in the Eighties and Nineties ', ' mothers in the UK were likely to work', ""most of the mothers surveyed in the UK do n't want to work"
What makes people from other countries surprised in American professional culture ? The role small talk plays work settings .	"""American workers ' attitude towards superiors ."
Alfred tried to do the following EXCEPT going school lab experiments	'playing games during a free period with his friends
From the passage we can know that people tell white lies want kind	'a newly - born baby is the most beautiful one
What is the article mainly about ? Why 's necessarily wise announce personal goals others .	'The importance of having personal goals .
What is the purpose of the text ? To introduce functions El - E.	'To describe different types of El - E.
According to the article , why do some women in Mauritania not want to lose weight even though they know being fat is unhealthy ? They worry husbands leave 're thin .	'They really like eating a lot of food and being fat .
According to the report , wax bad bodies .	'it is dangerous to eat only a little wax .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Undergraduate teaching rediscovered	'University education in the US
What does n't belong to the next generation of flight controllers for space programs ? University students ' investigating Earth space .	"""University students ' controlling the camera system ."
At the beginning of the passage , the author uses the stories to illustrate possible reactions pets meet newborn baby	"""show that pets do n't like a newborn baby"
The rich man becomes angry because Sam says foolish	'Sam is foolish
Which of the following shows the right way in which lack of sleep causes weight gain ? ghrelin less leptin - feeling hungry - eating	'feeling hungry - eating more - more ghrelin and less leptin
The reason why Rebecca 's Pocket is still going strong is that provides useful information advice	'it is about the history of blogs
From the passage , we know that Wagner Marcenes charge activity estimate infection rate collected examined studies major studies .	'works as the leader of the Institute of Dentistry at Queen Mary 
Yang Ling thinks teenagers should use mobile phones less less	'use mobile phones more when they are at school
The author writes the passage mainly to call us change behavior	'make a distinction between two economies
What 's the writer 's purpose of writing this passage ? To introduce innovative ways help us eat healthier .	'To warn people that nutrition education is important for our daily life .
The main idea of the passage is children learn TV tell reality see	'children who watch more TV are smarter than those who watch only one hour a day
The passage mainly tells us about Taj Mahal	'why the Taj Mahal was built
Which of the following statements is TRUE ?    Five hundred years ago took long time news reach countries .	"""Newspaper advertisements turn people 's attention away from their products ."
The article asks people to provide information missing people	'join the police in searching for the missing people
Which of the following is TRUE ? The writer made decision work hard .	'It took the writer several years to make the decision .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Hershey Chocolate developed fast .	'Hershey Chocolate has not been introduced to China yet .
"Which sentence below can be used to best describe Santiago 's character ? "" Once fell weight lay patiently could gather strength go .""(Para 9 )"	"'"" Almost exhausted "
Why do the Chinese like red ? They think red brings good luck .	'They think red makes them feel safe .
Women who wish to become mothers should take in vitamin B-12	'vitamin A
What impressed Neil Armstrong most ? Flying shadow moon .	'The moon filling their window .
The report says that in Indian forests of long ago killing game animals controlled	'only dangerous animals were to be killed
What is the best title for the passage ? Revolution farm	"""Computer -- Farmers ' Best Friend"
We can learn from the passage that clouds help plants rain forest near deserts grow	'tree leaves are green all the time in the monsoon forest
The text is written to introduce to us Christmas cards	'Father Christmas and John Horsley
The best title for this passage may probably be How Listen TV News	'How to Listen Step by Step
Which of the following is True ? The soldiers tired none give .	'The training for the parade is usually on rainy days .
Which is the best title of this passage ? Life Barack Obama	'Barack Obama and His Wife
What would be the best title for the passage ? Colors food packaging	'Colors in advertising
"Why did n't "" the Voice "" make audience satisfied ? Because full many advisements audience ca n't tolerate ."	"""Because it had a good start but it failed to attract audience ' attention in the end ."
The purpose of the passage is to encourage students find roommate	'compare friends with roommates
If we want to see wild animals , we should go to Boundary Dam Pend Oreille River	'Beacon Rock State Park
What is the passage mainly about ? causes public disappointment newspapers	'needs of the readers all over the world
What does the author want to tell us ? Text messaging actually beneficial children ;	'Use of text messages has both advantages and disadvantages .
What can we infer from the text ? Foreign students going English universities .	"""Britain 's student - visa system will help its long - term development ."
Which of the following can be concluded from the passage ? When aunt died , uncle married three score years .	'My uncle and my aunt built their love - nest most probably in the late 1980s .
It call be inferred from the passage that pay kids good grades , take granted	'if you buy children pizza as a reward 
The passage mainly discusses reasons happiness	'Hispanic cultures
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? The food London .	'The location    of London .
Which floor does Stanley live on ? The fourth floor .	'The second floor .
How can people in Switzerland get a small amount of money ? Recycle bottles .	'Put yellow stickers on their rubbish bags .
Some of the four books were illustrated in order to help readers understand book	'reduce the cost of the books
"The word "" shelter "" in the reading means place keep homeless animals"	'a place to study animals
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Most people spend 20 minutes making three calls day .	'Most people spend nearly two hours texting a day .
What 's the best title for this passage ? Drinking water : bottled tap ?	'Why is it good to drink water out of the tap ?
The generators they brought with them could produce as much as electricity as    Edison 's building	'a small part of the city
People use the touch - screen computers to do all the following things except surf Web contact others phone	'watch movies and read books
What CANNOT be learned from this passage ? Chinese gaining popularity schools Chicago .	'Most students at McCormick can speak three languages .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The best novel shows readers promoted various companies .	'Recent graduates can learn a lot of useful career principles from the novel .
What is the best title for the passage ? Discovery Trips Blue Mountains	'Interesting Trips in the East of the USA
Why must students have a pair of indoor shoes at school every day   at some US schools ? This keeps schools clean makes students safe .	"'This makes students exercise more easily .', ""This makes students wo n't fall over on the wet floors ."
The author thinks the main difficulty for people in keeping up with weblish is that old words take new meanings	'there are so many new words
Nick Toberg may agree that ice North Pole melting faster expected	'the ice in the North Pole will stop melting
Which is the best title for the passage ? Homework limited	'Students dislike homework
The doctor tells her eat green food	'to eat more orange things
The internationally agreed method of checking remains is to buy ten apples , crush take average reading see safe	'two apples 
According to the passage , which of the following is possibly accepted in America ? Use horns sometimes warn passers - danger .	'Drive on before the stop sign on a school bus is removed .
According to Stickgold , people 's brain processes may still connected learning dreams	"'every person may dream about what they learned', ""once people 's eyes stop moving "
What did Mr. Smith pay 100,000 euro for ? Getting old body back .	'Buying his new nose .
Why did the case draw so much attention around the US ? Because case related race , self - defense laws gun control .	"'Because George Zimmerman was very cruel when he killed Trayvon Martin .', ""Because Trayvon Martin 's father was a famous lawyer ."
Which of the following is right according to text ? Lots mother love makes children form safe bond mothers .	'Mental health was then assessed when all the babies were 34 .
Parents buy cell phones for their kids because think necessary	'they think their kids are old enough
What is the purpose of writing this text ?     To remember lost lives sea .	"""To show the writer 's anger to the sea ."
The example in the passage shows that Internet users already seriously addicted	'Internet addicts usually stay in the computer lab without sleep
"By saying "" I ca n't put a number on it , "" Radcliffe means she 's not sure many times marathon runner set world record"	'if she has the ability to set a new world record
Which of the following would the author agree ? It necessary break work .	'The more stress you have 
What do we know about Tiffany & Co. according to the passage ? Its products wrapped blue .	"""Blue is its owner 's favorite color ."
It can be learned form the story that king believed soldier deserved farm	'the king believed in the soldier more than others
The third most common worry of American holiday - makers is that they may attacked lose possessions	'have bad weather on holiday
What is the main idea of the passage ? Music education deserves attention .	'Music should be of top education priority .
What do we know about turtles ? They n't look babies .	"'Baby turtles hate their mother .', ""Other animals ca n't eat turtle babies"
It can be learned from the passage that gaur lives Asia endangered	'scientists have cloned the African bongo antelope
Christopher 's Smile was set up to raise money research children 's cancers	"""tell people some knowledge about children 's cancers"
Why did student Claire Hinrichsen choose the Salina program ? Because likes size program .	'Because she found her soul mate in rural Kanas .
Which of the events took place earliest according to the text ? People began celebrate holiday .	"'The holiday was named Valentine .', ""Valentine ' s Day cards appeared ."
The little boy gave the old woman a Coke because wanted see smile	'the old woman still felt hungry
Why is there still a drop of applicants though fees have not been raised ? Because less young students area .	'Because the students live in poor communities .
Which statement is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? The English spoken person plays important role North America .	"""An Englishman 's accent reflects his social position ."
What does the writer mainly want to tell us in the story ? The importance smiling daily life .	'The way to choose a right computer .
What is the main purpose of the article ? To explain modern technology applied unique ways .	'To provide information to police who are looking for stolen art .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? At age 13 , Joey Russell got Mrs. Haisman 's signature .	'The Titanic arrived in New York at the end of April 
Which of the following best explains the last sentence of the passage ? Poison frogs scare others .	"""Poison frogs do n't want to kill others ."
What is the real concern of the report ? Water would used kind weapon .	'Water problems would lead to war in the future .
The text is mainly about link processed food depression	'the increasingly unhealthy diet of the UK population
What can be the best title for the passage ? Health Care among Top Jobs Young People	'Factors for People to Consider while Seeking Jobs
According to the writer , we try to drive carefully in a car while We n't pay enough attention home accidents	"'we take the same degree of care in our homes', ""We do n't care much about the accidents in large hospitals"
We can learn about Facebook from the passage that many students n't want parents know facebooking	'the information that students offer to Facebook is secret to others
Which is the best title for the text ? What Blog ?	'How to Start a Blog ?
An ape 's brain is lot smaller man 's brain	"""as large as a man 's brain"
From the passage , we can infer that    . young man 's father great positive influence	"""the young man 's coach played an important role in his growth"
What can be inferred from the text ? The author regards fishing important part life .	'The author agreed with John Steinbeck the most when he was in middle school .
From the passage , we can learn that extensive reading improves aspects language learning	'readers can make classroom fun
What is the best title of the passage ? Troubles Coke Company	'The Importance of New Advertisements
According to the passage , the Paris Agreement includes legally binding rules	'can solve the climate problem alone
Where does Simon 's parents work ? They go work bike .	"'They work in the same hospital .', 'His father works in a big hospital ', "" but his mother does n't ."
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? There previous study related topic .	'The study was carried out in 103 universities .
What call we know from the words of Mirjana Bajovic ? Vio1ent games cost teens social experiences real life .	"""Playing games regularly will improve teens'intelligence ."
For what reason was Wang made known to the public ? He made kid take long distance race .	'He employed some college students to teach his son .
By doing mouse experiments , the scientists found smell creates similar pattern active cells different mice	'found different types of odor - receiving cells in mice
As a novelist , Dickens full imagination	'always wrote about real people in life
Which of the following is TRUE ? Dwarfs chance show talent park .	'A dwarf came up an idea to create the park .
We can learn from the passage that abnormal eel 's average score highest subjects	'the squirrel met frustration before practicing climbing
What happened to apples around 65 million years ago according to the research ? They experienced great genetic change making get used worse conditions .	'Their genes stopped their development as the environment got worse .
When you have good study habits , you will .	'learn things quickly
What can we learn about the words in English songs ? They seldom used people 's everyday life .	'English learners should learn more of them .
According to the passage , we can infer close attention needs paid risks tropics .	'all the plants and animals will live in the polar region in the future .
The survey conducted by the National Institute of Education shows that . people consider writing important course	'more than 4
Which of the following might be the best title of the passage ? Americans Following Their Dreams China	'The Fascinating Chinese Culture
What does this passage mainly tell us ? Dog ownership affects kinds microbes living people 's skin .	"'It is unsafe to keep dogs because of microbes .', ""How many kinds of bacteria live on people 's skin because of dog ownership ."
The man in a black coat boy 's father	'hit the boy and ran away
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The Chinese students enrolling US 235 , 000 2012 --2013 .	'From 2011 to 2012 the students studying in the US increased by 17 . 7 % .
According to the text , we know that Lisa Pina last one rescued	'the children were sent to hospital after the fire
When did Luo Jing go to hospital ? After attending Olympic Games opening ceremony .	'As soon as he ran the torch .
Millie Murray thinks collections could inspire writing creativity	'it was good for parents to have collections
In the author 's opinion , German high school leavers enjoy career - related courses US	'need more career advice from their schools
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Nowadays , pirates learning use modern weapons commit crimes sea .	'The pirates have committed 92 crimes successfully this year .
Which of the following would be the best title of the text ? Violent video games affect teenagers'moral development	"""Vio1ent video games delay teenagers'physical growth"
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Roosevelt always regarded top President .	'Thomas Jefferson is not among the top five Presidents on the list .
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To offer advice college life .	'To describe the importance of college life .
Emily Rountree is working for Charity water     encourage students help need	'to set up a nonprofit organization about water
Why was reading aloud common before the nineteenth century ? Because people could read .	'Because silent reading had not been discovered .
What 's the passage mainly about ? China 's first moon rover , Yutu , touched lunar surface .	"'The rover and the lander took photos of each other successfully .', ""Chang'e-3 landed on the moon 's Sinus Iridum "
Why did the unemployed write to the coach ? To ask advice .	'To ask for a job .
We can draw the conclusion from the passage that students pay attention handwriting	'more and more students will give up writing on a computer
Which of the following is Not true according to Marion Nestle ? Cupcakes lead child obesity    banned .	'The cupcake is more democratic than any other    deserts in the US .
What else is in Aunt Ma 's newspaper ? An ad bike .	'An ad for some pillows .
The story tries to tell readers that sometimes things seem	'angels are always ready to help the poor
What can we know from the passage ? The emotional stress moving way knowing someone 's death .	'Most American children can get used to the changes in moving .
The text mainly talks about    women wearing skirt suits seem successful society	'trouser suits are not suitable for career businesswomen
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The old man n't answer young man 's question .	'The old man knows everything .
The best title for this passage would be ESL Websites Children	'Children Enjoy Learning English Online
What 's the best title of the passage ? Economic change , hope china .	'China has attracted much global attention .
You are advised to rise with a yawn and stretch because it will help keep energy day 's work	'enable you to get your energy on your routine work
Dolores gave up her first job because wanted others	'the work condition was too bad
The Analects is Confucius ' life teachings	'considered to have been written by Confucius
The cost of medical care in the USA is very high . What does the writer think about it ? He thinks big problem suggests    solving    .	"'He agrees that doctors are overpaid .', ""He does n't think the medical students should borrow money from banks ."
The author writes this passage in order to attract readers visit city bath	"""ask readers to buy Austen 's books"
Which can be concluded from the whole passage ? Carter thirty - ninth president Obama forty - fourth	'Carter has to turn to letters instead of emails for communications for the sake of domestic security
What can we learn from the passage ? Environment taken consideration first city plans develop economic .	'The one - week disaster has made the local people realize the importance of building a beautiful city .
What is the purpose of this passage ? persuade people stop polluting air	'to tell the causes of air pollution
Which of the following sentences is NOT true from the passage ? There 400 middle school students taking part study .	"'People born in summer change their moods more easily .', ""The season of birth has an influence on human 's moods ."
What does Marco Castronuovo think of his system ? It save large amount money .	'It can remove space junk completely .
The writer wrote this article mainly to make comparison Tang Xianzu William Shakespeare	'describe studies of Tang Xianzu and William Shakespeare
Which are the two ways to make a decision according to the passage/ To decide decide night 's sleep ,	'To think it over for hours and to think about it for a night .
From the text , we can conclude that the author thinks emoticons n't suit	'feels he has no difficulty using emoticons
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Looking closely things concerned lead scientific research .	"'ISEF is an exhibiton displaying bicycle experiments designed by students .', ""Renato 's improvement of the bicycle has solved the country 's great problem ."
The butcher did n't give any meat to the dog made sure words really written Mr Smith	'when he found there was no words on the paper
What is the most important purpose of innovations that use satellite tracking and remote communications ? .To track car stolen .	"""To call for help when one 's car crashes ."
So many visitors came to the car mainly because eager look	'it works as well as a Swiss clock
Which of the following has the highest mark ? Hard - work knowledge .	'Love and hard - work .
Why does the author consider Susie as a rare friend ? She always offer help author need .	'Susie is good at solving problems .
What is the best title for the passage ? Poor nutrition hurts teens ' health .	'Teens lack proper nutrition .
Which of the following might the writer agree with ? The vaccine could teach immune system recognise rogue sugar .	'The vaccine could treat nine in ten fatal cancers .
The best title for the story may be Toby Rusty	"""the parents ' love"
What can we learn from the text ? Shakespeare used live New Place .	'Shakespeare became famous after 1597 .
Which of the following is RIGHT ? The author n't finish story	'The author was not good at writing stories
From the passage we can conclude that spend money reveals psychologically healthy	'money is a necessity and will bring you happiness if you have much
It is implied in the text that paid new barista author 's expectation	'the author was unsatisfied with the new barista
According to the passage , Dr. Clarke was so excited because finally found caves Mars	'such caves could provide energy for life
What 's the best title of this passage ? Choose Be Happy	'Choose Your Emotions
Which of the following statements is TRUE of the research led by Professor Nir Barzilai ? The researchers found mutations certain genes lead longer life .	'The team studied the genes of over 100 people over 100 years of age .
The best title of the passage is Health Benefits Holiday	'A Holiday Health Experiment
What can people do in Shanghai Disney Resort ? People may live Toy Story Hotel take photos different characters .	'People may eat and dance in this largest Disneyland park .
The passage is mainly about changing global diet	'the increasing types of diet
The movie industry in California is n't as successful as before because strong competition states	"""young people do n't go to movie theatres any more"
We can infer from the passage that 's difficult plant bloom England	"""it 's dangerous to feed the plant"
This passage is mainly about National Dark - Sky Week	'the beauty of the night sky
What 's the best title for the text ? Pay play?---- Should college athletes paid ?	'Pay to play ? ---- Will it be popular with college athletes ?
How did Little Kids Rock help the school ? By training teachers music classes .	"'By writing music for kids .', ""By playing kids ' favorite songs ."
Which of the following statements is true according to the text ? Some influential Chinese words appeared one BBC 's recent programs .	'Dama and hukou have made it into Oxford English dictionary .
When the inspector came , Michael hid quickly could	'was looking for his ticket
Which of the following is Not true according to the text ? The topic HIV / AIDS still public media taboo .	'The topic of HIV / AIDS was a public and media taboo in the past .
It can be inferred from the passage that movies given people wrong impression sharks	'most sharks are dangerous to humans
The passage mainly talks about protect mobile phone radiation	'the development and advantages of mobile phones
What does the story want to tell us ? Untion   strength	'The lion is the King in the forest .
Why was his bitter enemy F.W. de Klerk awarded the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela ? F.W. de Klerk made contribution process peacefully well .	"'F.W. de Klerk did not kill Mandela during his presidency .', ""F.W. de Klerk was one of Mandela 's friends in the early years ."
Which of the following is TRUE about the tests on the hooded crows ? In IMTS test , birds needed identify sample card get rewards .	'The birds did better in RMTS than in IMTS .
It is true that the old man     tired walk home	'lost his way home
Which of the following is true ? Smoking much caused Mr. King 's lungs turn black .	"'There was nothing serious with Mr. King .', ""The doctor found some shadows in Mr. King 's lungs ."
Why does the girl become angry ? Because Li Ping wants know old .	'Because Li Ping wants to go to London .
What 's the best title for the passage ? Starting business .	'How to start a business .
Where is the missing dollar ? In fact , n't missing dollar .	'It was taken by the assistant 
What can be concluded from Jonathan Smallwood 's words ? Dealing easy jobs , people higher working memory daydream .	'People who often have daydreams probably own a pretty capable working memory .
Which of the following is NOT the activities for the life of the students in MIT ? Heaven Dance	'Student Organizations
What is this passage mainly about ? Problems brought cars .	'Traffic jams in Beijing .
What can we infer from the text ? Knowledge physics heat plays important part inventing good icebox	"'Thomas Moore is the inventor of modern fridge', ""The butter produced by Thomas Moored is better in quality than other famers '"
What does Roger do ? He teaches Chinese England .	'He teaches English in China
Which of the following is true of O2 Recycle ? It encourages people recycle gadgets .	'It has recycled 70 million mobile handsets .
The passage indicates that instrumental leaders generally focus on achieving goal	'sharing responsibility with group members
Which of the following about City Lit is NOT right ? City Lit full - time training institution .	'All teachers of City Lit are excellent .
The main idea of this passage is comparisons educational system North America Asia	'cultural differences in countries such as the United States or Canada
The researchers consider the people fat if top measurement weight linked height .	'they are fatter than others
What 's the best title of the passage ? A small Teng Thailand -- Viseskul	"'A famous music program --TheVoiceofChina', ""Viseskul 's success in becoming a music star"
According to the teachers , older students may not like stand - up desks because formed habit sitting	'they are cleverer than younger students
We learn from the text that Richard Albert is American living Township 15	'a Canadian living in a Quebec village
what can we learn about Cannon Mountain ? A small train ride available .	'It is the oldest ski area in the world .
What is true about earlier studies ? They found hard poor people become rich .	'They explained why poor people made poor decisions .
"Which of the following is the closest in meaning to "" When they went away , leaving comfortbehind , there were not in all the city four merrier people than the hungry little girls . "" The hungry little girls merriest whole city helped others"	'The hungry little girls were not happy because they left comfort behind .
Which of the following is True according to the passage ? Women usually allowed    wear trousers offices .	'Lawyers    always wear formal clothes even though    they are at home .
According to the article , coiling happens in sweet peas plant to allow the plant to climb toward sunlight	'form a straight stem
Which of the following is NOT TRUE ?    The stopping distance ice long usual one .	'Fog and melting snow often cause car accidents .
Why did Tom cry one day ? His little hut fire everything lost .	"""He did n't see any ship come to save him ."
In the passage the writer seems to be worrying that potential land rush become frequent	'the US will live on the moon forever
The author had the students practice writing excuse notes so that the students could learn creative writing	'how to write excuse notes skillfully
From her own experience , the writer found that one 's comprehension drops one reads slowly	'in order to understand better 
We can infer from the passage that    chance inflation world	'the dollar is sure to continue to rise
From the passage we can infer that    London Mayor confident scheme	'the scheme will be cancelled because of the problems
We can know from the story that father busy work	"'the boy is hard -working', ""the father does n't like the boy"
The purpose in writing this passage is draw attention risk using mobile phones lightening	'to focus on various damages done to lightning victims
From the passage , we know that Le Whif n't made available British stores	'customers can buy Le Whif all over the world
Why does the passage say peace and quiet are becoming harder to find ? Because world making noise .	'Because all the sounds are becoming over 140 decibels .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the writer ? Learning methods important passion .	"'You need two things if you want to learn English well .', ""It 's difficult for a person to know a lot about World War II if he is n't interested in history ."
The best title for this passage is A new technique fighting AIDS	'AIDS - a deadly disease
What is the passage mainly about ? A discussion makes good student .	'Two lovely middle school students .
Which of the following did NOT happen during the series ? Lance Ulrika started dating .	'Lance went on dates with several women .
What does the passage mainly tell us about ? The development mobile phone .	"""Alexander Graham 's invention ."
We can infer from the passage that Saeki carries memory childhood lover death took away	"""there is something wrong with Saeki 's clock"
"Which statement best describes "" dress - down days "" ? People usually careful wear dress - days ."	"'On dress - down days ', ' you can wear whatever you like .', ""People 's clothes on dress - down days do n't receive much attention ."
When a baby is born , / ears change shape	'his / her ears are red
It is implied in the passage that prevention injuries paid enough attention	'children under 14 are more easily hurt in sports
Why does the author think that a very small problem may become a big one while everybody had withdrawn from the shop ? Because author thinks fire fighters could come	'Because the author thinks the fire is dangerous
What can be the best title for this article ? Mysterious Maya	'Mayan Gods
From the passage we can conclude that border fences seen inside park animals migrate	'the herds of animals mentioned in the first paragraph were the first to be taken to the park
An emergency - room nurse found out that the old man 's son was a sailor letter found old man 's pocket	'by calling the Red Cross office in Brooklyn
What would be the best title for this passage ? NASA 's new expandable space habitat .	"""NASA 's space habitats flown to the station ."
""" BRICS "" refers to active economy group today 's world"	'leading countries with fast development of humanity
Malmqvist quotes Zhu Rongji 's remark to show that believes Chinese writer win Nobel Prize	'only western writers can win the Nobel Prize
"Why does it say , "" At first , it is not easy to feel these things ? "" People used things ."	'The things are used by people 
Which of the following is TRUE of the author ? He sure parents loved .	'He wrote back to his father at 12 .
William Fair 's study and other studies show that marriage contributes great deal longevity	"'social life provides an effective cure for illness', ""being sociable helps improve one ' s quality of life"
What 's the best title for the passage ? How Roller Skating Was Invented	"""Joseph Merlin 's Story"
What is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Charity concert .	'Charity walk .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? It two hours away Kitty 's home town London train .	"""There is much air pollution in Kitty 's home town ."
It is hard to study the internal jaw structures of ancient sharks because fossils often poor condition	'there are only a few shark fossils
What can cockroaches do to help people ? They search people rubble earthquake .	'They can lift 20 times their own weight .
The writer got to the airport riding Mike 's car taxi company	'by getting a lift in a passing car
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? People Asian countries hunt sea horses food .	'Most sea horses caught are used as medicine .
On Bali , it is believed that person sharp teeth looks ugly	"'a person with straight ', ' flat teeth looks ugly', ""a teenager 's teeth points must be filed off with anesthetic"
Which of the following is not the opinion of the opponents   ? The drug used serious cases .	'Our memories give us our identity .
What 's the best title for the passage ? Quiet Riot 's Lead Singer Was Found Dead Las Vegas .	"""DuBrow 's Death Shocked the Public ."
The main idea of the passage is that fire dangerous harmful	'forest fire can be easily put out
What is the text mainly about ? The achievements Duke .	'The personal life of Duke .
Yam wins the award of UNESCO For Women in Sciencefor   finding solutionsonrenewable sustainable energy	'her fruitful research on solving the environmental problem
The woman had to look after her son by herself because husband n't home	'she knew the young man well
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? You make significant decisions without good resources guidance career adviser .	'Good career guidance and resources can help you gain the skills and experience .
We can infer from Para.5 that Apple hold leading position industry	'other companies are dedicated to integration
Why did the ancient people on the island of Timor go fishing according to the text ? There animals land food .	'The island was too small for the large population .
Physician assistant degree ranks first on the list because The demand physician assistants expected expand largely well - paid .	'Physician assistants are medical professionals .
What shop does Tom go to ? The Men 's Clothing Shop .	"""The Women 's Clothing Shop ."
New kinds of sicknesses have been found because body ca n't deal changes lifestyles	'the human body has changed compared with human first appeared on earth
What is the passage mainly about ? What eat exercising .	'The best time for exercising .
According to the passage , the bird at last found that hell small well - decorated cage	'hell was a place full of water .
What advantages do foreign words have over traditional Japanese terms ? The ideas expressed foreign words sound new .	'Foreign words are best suited for announcements .
What can be inferred from this passage ? The author taking risk made decision dropping .	'The author enjoyed the comfort and pleasure of life after he dropped out .
The researchers made the experimented students angry by disturbing making start	'asking them to count to 6
According to the passage , what can we learn about New York ? People n't anything Dragon Boat Festival .	'People make zongzi on Dragon Boat Festival .
What do we know about Edinburgh Mela ? It shows kinds cultures Scotland .	'It is deeply rooted in Edinburgh .
According to the passage , which of the following belongs to enrichment activities for talented children ? Learning information included regular subjects .	'Skipping one of more grades and studying together with older children .
"The author was puzzled at her new mom 's request for a hug because word "" hug "" made sense time"	"""her new mom did n't open her arms wide in time"
He has breakfast seven o'clock	'at half past six
Why do people pay attention to the Great Pacific Ocean Garbage Patch ? Because polluted plastic products affect food chain .	'Because it may prevent the flow of ocean water .
The text is mainly about problems diver faces sea	'special mixture of gases in the deep sea
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? If one full spoon medicine much , less right patient .	'The patient will be in danger if he takes as much as a full spoon of the medicine .
Which of the following sentences is True ? Elizabeth Darcy become romantic couple end .	'Elizabeth and Darcy fall in love at first sight .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Vienna named best world	'European cities -- high standards of living
"When the author says this year "" there 's been more of a scramble for places "" ( Para . 3 ) , he means competition candidates"	'more people have applied to university
What is the best title of this passage ? Alcohol drinking good bad	'Drinking alcohol is popular in many parts of the world
If you want to play with boats   without bottoms , you should go to Henley - - Todd Regatta	'Black Pudding Throwing Championship
Which of the following can be the title of this news report ? Some natural disasters reduced avoided .	'Proper ways that save lives and damage have come up .
According to the article , the Lasker Awards awarded made great medical achievements	'are more influential than Nobel Prizes in the medical field
From Henry Ford 's example we can see that Hard work leads success	'His car is of high quality
Jessica fell into the well because rock cover moved away	'her mother was not watching her
The blood of the patient taken body , heated outside put back body .	'is heated with a single injection
Which of the following is TRUE according to the article ? Dame Sally believes many parents smoke front kids idea damage .	"'Half of the children ages 9 to 18 in the US have parents who smoked at home .', ""Most smokers in the US do n't care about the effects that smoking can have on those around them ."
Which of the following is right ? The boy thought father needed policemen	'The boy hoped his father to stop gambling soon .
From what Dr Pinchi Srinivasan said , we learn the baby came back to life mainly because of skintoskin contact   mother	"""the doctor 's careful care"
"Why was it "" a very competitive environment "" for them according to the author ? It hard make living ."	"""Their children could n't get what they had in the city ."
What is the positive effect of highquality TV shows on kids ? Good learning results relationships .	'Spending less time on TV programming .
The purpose of the passage is to sell four books students	'introduce the four books to readers
What lesson did Beck learn from the matter ? Do n't hurt others rude words .	"""Do n't move the injured in an accident ."
When the author learned that he needed a heart transplant , he chose continue fight life	"""could n't help crying every day"
According to the passage , how can we make our vocabulary larger ? By much reading possible	'By learning more languages
"Which statement is True according to the passage ? Dolan made film "" Mommy "" age 25 ."	"'Xavier Dolan made a film called "" J\'ai tue ma mere "" when he \'s 17 ."
The aim to write the passage is to tell us singer aims grow interest local farming	'show Adrienne Young promotes her third CD album
What problem has the writer found in his study at college ? It 's hard combine engineering literal arts .	"""He ca n't get used to the engineer factory ."
Social companionship is beneficial in that it draws attention away worries troubles	'helps strengthen our ties with relatives
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Not companies pay workers work .	'No companies offer vacations to their workers .
From the first three nominated words we can see that Japanese people showed great concern events year	'the whole world experienced a hard time last year
What can we infer from the passage ? It usually warm California winter .	"'"" Song for a Winter \'s Night "" is a very happy song ."
From the passage we know right - handers strong left brain	'all artists are left - handed
What is mainly talked about in the passage ?     Eco City Farms gaining popularity .	'Eco City Farms save a lot of energy .
The test shows that winkled hands hold wet things tightly dry hands .	'winkled hands hold dry things more tightly than dry hands do .
From the passage , we can infer that raising sheep big business New Zealand	'New Zealanders each have more than 10 sheep
Family Style Whitewater Rafting is unique in that provides barbeque lunch free	'it allows people to swim in the river
What can we learn from the passage ? The speaker wanted translation book published .	'The autobiography of Ms. Joni Earckson was written before her accident .
What can we learn from this passage ? You upload one - year - old baby 's photos TinyTillia.com .	'Free Photo Contest will be held in March 
. From the text , we can conclude that gastropubs somewhere restaurant bar	'will replace the local pubs
What can we infer from the story ? Grandma 's need grandchild 's company grow time .	'The grandchild will become more skillful at gardening than Grandma .
What can be inferred   from the passage ? The couple little difficulty making way Turkey .	"""Turkey does n't celebrate International Children 's Day ."
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Deng left school in1919 .	"""Deng 's first daughter was alive"
In the writer 's opinion , which is a correct suggestion ? You avoid blue light possible bedtime .	'You should use an orange or red light electronic screen .
The passage mainly deals with unusual sites WHL	'the remains of ancient cultures on the WHL
What is the main purpose of the project ? To offer students chances apply learning practice .	"""To strengthen students ' writing and speaking abilities ."
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Girls Get Best Gap Years	'Boys Lack Courage in Gap Years
According to this passage , people eat moon cakes on the Moon Festival because people want remember rebellion Mongolian rulers	'moon cakes are tasty
What is the text mainly about ? An unlikely place park .	'Improving city transport .
What can we know about the Sony / ATV catalog ? Jackson 's stock Sony / ATV value $ 1.7 billion 2 billion .	'Jackson sold ATV catalog to Sony in 1985 .
Fashion magazines today seldom put models cover	"""need not worry about celebrities ' market potential"
The kings of France and England in the 16th century closed bath houses because believed disease could spread public baths	'they thought bath houses were too dirty to stay in
The new bus service will be paid for by local government parents	'the parents
Which of the following sentences is TURE ? Nancy invites Rose come house dinner .	"""Nancy is coming to Rose 's house for dinner ."
Which of the statements is possibly supported by Dr. Anthony Fauci ? Anti - retroviral treatment effective stop HIV .	'The finding is great news for low income patients .
Which of the following books explores the origin of humans ? Creation Evolution	'Seeking the Edge .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is Not true ? You wo n't make good progress unless set big targets	'If you are not interested in things at school 
From the passage we know that    Lisa sister .	"'Lisa has a brother .', 'Lisa hates his father .', ""Lisa 's father hates her daughter ."
The new civic universities in Britain met increased demand public higher education	'provided further education for all the people who need it
The purpose of the passage is to ask people sleep problems try use Somnapure	"'introduce a kind of medicine to help sleep better', ""draw people 's attention to the bad effects of the lack of sleep"
We can learn from the passage that Gigi sure angel picture rescued	"""the story was told from Gigi 's point of view"
The library hopes someone find book return	'Gorge Washington will return the book .
Sheri Jacobson thinks     . right regard daily action illness	'it is impossible to be late all the time
It can be concluded that author children 's dieting	'eating disorder always goes hand in hand with being slim
What is the passage mainly about ? The life attitude    farmer .	'The miserable   life of a farmer .
What 's the main idea of the fourth paragragh ? How research conducted ?	'Why was the mental training effective ?
How is Harry Potter series different from other magical stories ? The stories happened modern world .	'It has seven books .
What is the main idea of this passage ? The sunglasses movie stars .	'The use of sunglasses .
According to the passage , we know people eating red meat higher risk death	'big meat eaters eat a 6 oz steak per day
What is a color TV image ? Both A B	'It is made up of thousands of red 
"When the term "" college students "" appears in a newspaper , it may refer to students receiving higher education"	'only students studying in colleges
On May 10th , music lovers may go to      . Canadian Tulip Festival	'the International Jazz Festival
In a green school , students will use sides notebook paper	'not use lights at all
Why did the farmer fill the hole with water at night ? Nobody would able find secret .	'He was busy working on the farm during the day .
What can we learn from Para . 4 ? Churchill 's closest friends attitude toward war .	"'In 1938 Churchill left the parliament .', ""Churchill 's closest friends always inspired him to seek higher office ."
As for China , the expansion of urban area means $ 100 billion spent infrastructure year	'creating a coastal urban corridor from Hangzhou to Qingdao
The author 's mother wished would study college university close home	'did not care very much which college her daughter went to
How is gesturing important in acquiring knowledge ? It draws tasteful responses others increases learning speed .	'It promotes second language learning and quickens thinking .
Which of the following statements concerning banning GM foods is true according to the passage ? The United States banned GM foods .	'Underdeveloped countries have banned GM foods .
The writer thinks many people do n't live near the north or south pole because unpleasant weather keeps away	"""they natural sights there do n't attract people"
Which of the following statement is NOT true ? You may coffee tea juice free flights .	"""During the flight you 'd better keep your seat belt fastened all the time ."
Which of the following will be the author of this passage probably agree with ? Tests effective measure students ' abilities .	"""Tests are not effective in measuring the students ' abilities ."
Some calls waste the host 's time caller 's ignorance	'because the host likes talking to the caller
How does the author relate to sounds at night ? He overstates quiet sounds .	'He imagines sounds that do not exist .
What can we learn from the passage ? Global warming kept bringing icebergs .	'The temperature in Arctic is rising faster than that in Antarctica .
Which of the following is true of the electronic sniffer dog ? The device uses lasers examine explosive materials .	'People have to take off their clothes when walking through the device .
Which of these best describes CLA Electronics ' sales since it started ? Sales growth continued year year .	'Sales growth slowed down in 2013 .
What is the best title for the passage ? Saving Private Joey	'Joey - a heroic race horse
What makes Zrce Novalja so special ? Its rocky beach .	'Its beach clubs .
We can learn from the passage that chemicals plants help cure animals	'chimps cure themselves by chewing plants
Why do parents feel sad when their child leaves home for college ? Because longer main focus children 's life .	'Because the absence of their child makes them feel lonely .
You ca n't achieve true job satisfaction unless you find true purpose life	'choose the best work
To apply to pay with fingers , customers are required to do all of the following EXCEPT phones connected computers	'have their fingerprints taken
According to the letter , which of the following is NOT true ? The way settle differences world violence .	'The writer hoped that his daughters would live up to his great expectations .
Which of the following is NOT a negative effect of too much homework ? There lack sleeping time .	'Kids have little time to do leisure activities .
"By   saying "" It 's been the year of interactive television advertising for the last ten or twelve years""Colin Dixon means Interactive television advertising achieved anticipated results ."	'Interactive television advertising is successful when incorporated into situation comedies .
Repressing anger is considered to be dangerous because of all the following except that blood contains sugar	'the blood pressure rises
Which of the above goods has the least discount ? A charming table lamp .	'The Home Office Desk
The best subtitle of Misconception 3 is If I want depressed , 's prerogative .	"'If unhappy occurs at home ', "" I need n't pretend to be happy"
Harold never came back again because died war	"""he did n't want to speak to his sister any more"
"What does the writer mean by saying "" Responsibility is the name of the game "" ? Names required indicate writers ' responsibility say ."	"'Writers need to provide their personal information in the game .', ""Publication must bear the writer 's full name "
The information of the global climate conditions in the past can be obtained through studying ice air caught layer	'separating carbon dioxide from the air
What would Kohn probably agree with ? Homework might improve kids ' grades exams .	'Homework is linked to academic achievement .
Which description is Not true according to the passage ? After January year , air sea connections incluing mail , Hong Kong .	'Before this extending there were 108 direct passenger flights a week .
Which is the best title for this passage ? The Main Use Colors Animals Pests	'The Change of Colors for Animals and Pests
This advertisement aims at calling on people to improve education home get better jobs	'earn their degrees in different ways that suit them
What is the best title for the passage ? The hidden cost Internet Economy .	'How to save time in the Internet Economy .
If you want to be guided by experts , you should attend Custom Tours	'Group Exhibit Tours
This story tells us Effendi fooled king	'when the king would die
Why are American Indians given nicknames ? Parents afraid cheir child would die young .	'It is not convenient to use their formal names
What do we know about the profit of the film industry ? It 's easy control profit	'The studios can shorten the material
What surprised Anne most about Helen when they first met ? How forceful Helen .	'How intelligent Helen was .
Which of the following statements about Steve Jobs is NOT TRUE ? Steve Jobs remembered founder Apple Internet	"""Steve Jobs stepped down as Apple 's chief executive because of poor health ."
What was the real Miss Hollis Maynell like ? She young , pretty girl wearing green suit .	'She was a plump woman with graying hair .
Which of the following statements is true ? Color snowflakes look mixed dust different color1s .	'All snowflakes look white 
The writer uses the examples of the comedian and the firefighter to show laughter good way get rid pain fear	'laughter is the best way to cure psychological wounds
We can infer   from the story that Huqi 's team got little money whole morning	'a foreigner even gave them 80 yuan
In Dr. Gill 's view , how easy is it to change your personality ? It 's unlikely requires much energy .	"""It 's possible in your adult life ."
The author is mainly concerned about solving the problem makes different stages intelligence	'why our personalities and behaviors differ
What did a rich man think when he heard of the story ? He thought king would give much money gave king gold cup .	'He was happy for the old man .
It is implied in the passage that subjects every student takes may vary	'all high - school students take the same courses
The text is mainly about Earth 's crust began shifting	'why the Earth cooled
Why did the plane land soon after it took off ? Because police told bomb plane .	'Because an important person wanted to take the plane .
When you review your English writing , what kind of music is the best choice ? Pop music .	'Classical music .
What can we conclude about the moving operation of the Tremont Hotel ? It went smoothly intended .	'It involved Pullman turning ten jackscrews .
Why did Linda think that dolls were the best birthday gifts for Rita ? Linda never got dream doll form parents	'Rita dreamed to have all kinds of lovely dolls .
Who is going to the new film ? Raj Lu .	'Raj 
What can we learn about the old man according to the text ? He expressed thanks Jack helped .	'He accepted the food given by the kind couple .
If you want to know China about its culture , medicine , business , science , you 'd better surf Wanfang Data	'Learn Mandarin online
Which of the following is based on a true story ? The Impossible .	'The Big Wedding .
"By saying "" But we 're not here to be a roadblock "" , Harlan L. Watson wants to say that U.S realized action must taken"	'the U.S will be a roadblock to the global economy
As to the influence of noises on whales , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Noises certain level may hurt .	'They are deaf because of noises .
Carol 's idea about one 's appearance is that n't think look smart , neither people	'change your hairstyle and you will look beautiful
Reading this passage , we know camels make food water fat store humps	'camels can live without food and water
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? In fact , Napoleon n't hide Russians looking .	'Napoleon was thankful to the innkeeper for his good service .
The purpose of this passage is to remind people importance tomatoes	'tell people how important it is to keep our skin healthy
The author knew the man was homeless judging by clothes man wore	'the appearance of the man
The crow does n't say a word to the fox because piece meat mouth	"""she does n't like the fox at all"
From the passage we can conclude that doctors still learning things eyesight	'wearing wrong glasses is less harmful to adults
What would be the best title for the text ? Finns , think gun possession !	'School shooting : a disaster !
Jack is brave and risky and a good swimmer . He enjoys water game . He looks for excitement with his friend when they are on holiday . Rafting good way experience nature . If want normal rafting trip , choose quiet stream river wide fallen trees rocks . If looking excitement may want try whitewater rafting . You always think safety wear good clothes . You also need learn basic skills rafting , handle raft , paddle get raft . You go rafting unless know swim , always wear life jacket .	'Long running is a good sport 
What effect do chocolate and grapes have in common if eaten by pets ? They cause pets vomit .	"""They both can cause pets ' sudden kidney failure ."
This passage was written mainly to help us recognize deadliest spiders avoid	'inform us about some information about spiders
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? Glasberg Schilk meet elder brother soon .	'Glasberg and Schilk will live inCanada .
What is mainly talked about in the passage ? Eco City Farms gaining popularity .	'Eco City Farms save a lot of energy .
Where can you spend the night in a tour ? Sovereign Hill	"""Cook 's cottage ."
Mo Yan 's works focus on lives countryside	"'China \'s "" one child "" policy"
"Students who take "" Ancient Civilizations "" learn Chinese culture"	'will watch a short play every day
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? About 460 people telephone survey often use Facebook .	'85 % of Americans 50 plus choose the Internet over print media .
Scientists originally thought that insects blown wind	'insects always waited for their favorable winds
Which of the following is the best way to learn English well ? Taking course English - speaking country .	'Travelling around the world with English - speakers .
According to the article , the difference between poetry and pop songs is that words pop songs repeated	'there is more rhythm in pop songs than poetry
Afrer reading the passage we are more aware that without hatred people less trouble connected blood heart	'high blood pressure and heart disease are caused by hatred
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? You could read words Geronimo 's letter without trellis .	'Ciphers can be broken or figured out more easily than codes .
Which of the following is NOT true ? The writer unhappy every day .	'Mike tried to be happy every day .
Which of the following statements is True according to the passage ? Playwrights frequently involved revising work .	"""Playwrights envy the simplicity of the novelist 's work ."
In the opinion of Scott G , Yahoo Microsoft lacking innovation	'the merger will contribute to Microsoft
According to the text , which of the following contributes most to happiness ? A strong positive attitude considering things .	'A certain number of outer and more social factors .
It can be inferred that     Mr. Walker took action receiving books order .	'Cosmo Books have sent bills for books that they have not sent .
The best title for this article should be The two - child policy helps lot .	'Brothers and sisters are good for us .
"What is the most likely reason Experiment 3 is called "" for the brave "" ? You eat raw onion ."	'You keep your eyes open .
The purpose of the passage is to give parents advice communicate kids	'compare two ways of parents ` communicating with their kids
The most serious damage caused by the viruses is that information stored computers gone	"""the computer 's functions are lowered"
What 's the best title of the passage ?     An unforgettable experience .	"""Young girls should n't drive alone ."
The main idea of the passage might be problem getting education United States	'selecting a good university in the United States
Jean spends time talking on QQ in order to find someone talk	'tell others that she is from a good family
With more and more low - income students pursuing higher education , a number of colleges are revising financial aid policies	'offering students more merit - based aid
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? Communities bit effect way new high ideal .	"""Parents play an important part in children 's education ."
Which of the following is not the difficulty American students have to face ? They need better education get best job .	'They have to work hard to pay for the high tuition fee .
The elders in America today usually saw birth death family member	'were often absent when a family member was born or dying
According to Paragraph 2 , we know that much importance placed sports America	'little time is spent on sports in Japanese schools
Carlos Domingo does volunteer work with children	'older people
What does the old man ask Mr. Green to let him do first ? The old man asks Mr. Green let sit car .	'The old man shows the way to the post office .
What can be the best title for the passage ? Cultural Differences Reading Emotions	'The Eye as the Window to the Soul
If you create a company website on Wix , you share ideas customers	'have to be a good web designer
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Follow passion people say .	'Self - learning is very important in college .
What can be suggested according to the passage ? Smokers smoke designated place .	'Smokers can smoke anywhere .
Why did the banker visit the cobbler ? Because wanted stop cobbler disturbing sleep singing .	'Because he liked the cobbler very much .
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? Lawyers make money cases digital property .	'Digital property is assessed in terms of nothing except money .
What are people advised to do at mealtimes ? Use smaller spoons	'Eat quickly .
"By "" underemployment""(Line 12 , Para . 2 ) , the writer means the situation in which people working low wages jobs level skill"	'people are unemployed or low skills are required
Why were overhead bridges built in Nanjing ? Because provide easy way drivers cross road .	'Because they stop traffic from being held up .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Biological polluters may destroy local plant animal life .	'People find it difficult to travel from one place to another .
What can we infer from the passage ? It uncertain robot cook kinds food .	'Hands of a robot chef can perform exactly like a cook .
What can we learn from the text ? Pandas escape enemy skill climbing .	'A baby panda can see anything when born
What can we learn from the passage ? People always keep trying .	'American cars always break down in the race .
What were the volunteers asked to do after the rest ? To continue maze .	'To work on a new maze .
What should a daughter do when being out with her mother ? Show gratitude mother .	'Pay for anything her mother bought .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the report ? Carter totally supports Obama dealing sensitive issues	'Carter reveals the fact that he is being spied during an interview broadcast
Human beings are different from other animals because hands , eyes , brain human work together	'human beings have the hands 
"Which of the following statements expresses one of the main ideas given in this selection ? Special arrangements made giving good education children weeks 
 employment TV actors ."	'We must realize that television is the most powerful force in the education of children today .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Winter depressives prefer light therapy spite inconvenience .	"""Light therapy increases the patient 's photosensitivity ."
We can infer from the passage that Couch Surfing getting popular China	'Couch Surfing has a long history
The best title for the passage is Saving burning house	'Escaping through the windows
What did Alexis do to save Sue ? She hit deer feet	'She pushed the deer away
"Which of the following is True according to the passage ? "" Make - A - Wish "" history 30 years ."	'Sick children just wish to get well .
According to the passage , what is NOT an advantage of the MP3 format ? The struggle piracy proved difficult .	'The size of music can be shortened to one tenth of its original size .
The tobacco companies do n't like the idea because they     wish smokers feel easy	"""want to save people 's lives"
Timothy Bates mentions the ancient Creeks in order to indicate that relationship personality success always people 's concern	"'some people can live a good life because they can manage their lives', ""people have n't made it clear yet what is the key personality trait ( "
52 . According to what the officer said , trouble would come anybody made tricks .	'he always got on well with his soldiers .
It can be inferred from the passage that protecting environment duty everybody	"""it 's very hard for human beings to keep the earth clean and comfortable"
The owner of the inn thought letters sign far away	'the letters on the sign were too large
What 's the possible result of Typhoon Rose ? People n't sleep well bad weather .	'Lots of big ships were blown onto rocks .
Both Britain and America would probably agree that black color mourning	'red stands for beauty and excellence
It is implied in the passage that research needed confirm new findings	"""the new findings are n't consistent with any previous findings"
A child is not permitted to continue in a TV show teacher says school work unsatisfactory	'if his work takes him to places like spaceships and riverboats 
The following statements about the Forum are true EXCEPT that last 2 hours 30 participants	"'Conservation Campus lasts about half a day or a whole day', ""the number of people should n't be more than a dozen in a Knowledge Cafe"
What 's the best title of the passage ? Do n't waste pumpkins !	'Taste pumpkins to enjoy your holiday !
The argument against Bowlby 's conclusion shows that negative effect infants go school three	'children have problems with day care
Which of the following is true ? The farmer ate pills	'The cow got better after taking the medicine .
What is the best title for this text ? Stuck Me----My Not - So - Little Little Brother	'The Real Baby in the Family
Who likes fast food ? Amy .	"'Brian .', ""Amy 's sister ."
According to the passage , the greatest American president from No.1 to No.6 should be Abraham Lincoln - George Washington - Franklin	'Abraham Lincoln - George Washington - Theodore Roosevelt- Franklin
We may infer from the text that the criminal knows how to reach the car owners because reads ads newspaper	'he has seen the car owners in the park
When can the players score ? When kick ball team 's goal .	'When they kick the ball into a big net on the ground .
In the article mentioned in this passage , James Warren intends to say adults'not enough paid sick time may bad children	'teachers are responsible for taking good care of children at school
If a taxi driver smokes in his cab , he will probably be fined 120 yuan	'10 yuan
The author uses Tuvalu and Venice as examples in order to explain trouble caused global warming	'they are the first places sinking into the sea
According to the passage , which statement below is TRUE ? People always sitting higher risk developing diabetes .	'Caffeine is a drug to cure diabetes .
At last the boy wanted nothing except place rest	'the root of the apple tree
Now most young British people find hard find job	'work harder to spend more money
Which is the best title for this passage ? Mother 's Little Helper	"""The Life of Tammy 's Family"
What is the best title of this passage ? Japanese Couples Rely Fake Friends	"""Japanese Couples ' Social Life"
Why is the move of US significant ? Around half lion hunting Africa conducted Americans .	'The lions have been killed and imported by American hunters .
Form the text we can see that     developed countries face aging society	'China is the only country to face an aging society
How did the smile change her life ? She started make friends .	"'She became the best friend with the boy .', ""Her parents did n't worry about her any more ."
What does the passage mainly tell us ? There higher possibility heavy drinkers stroke middle age	'People without a stroke can drink more alcohol than those having a stroke in middle age
What can be learned according to the passage ? Some people tend think displaying competence gain respect makes good impression .	'A liar always experiences a feeling of guilt when a lie is leaked .
Many parents wo n't give up physical punishment because brought way	"'they are disappointed with their children', ""they do n't want to hurt their children badly"
What is the main idea of the passage ? Rising prices food led world food crisis .	'Vietnam has banned rice exports to other countries .
Which of the four libraries has the longest history ? Trinity College Library .	'Central Library .
What does Davis think of the movie ? She worries might frightening children .	'She thinks children of all ages will love it .
What troubles the teacher was that Mark talked much class	"""Mark did n't do well in his lessons"
The Columbia disaster and theChallengerdisaster were similar in that seven astronauts killed board	'both the shuttles exploded when they took off
Which of the following will the author agree ? Johnson Review help find right college easily .	'The most important part for college admission is the College Test .
What do child psychologists think is harmful to the feelings of children ? Schools much rules everything .	"""The parents do n't help their children ."
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? The man n't give though failed interview .	'The man is one of the biggest food retailers in the world .
What is the name of the school ? No.1 Middle School .	'Yuying Middle School .
The reasons why people like time travel are as followings except After watching time travel series , escape reality .	"""It 's fun to watch characters travel back and deal with the conflicts between modernity and ancient times ."
From paragaph 2 we can know that the story of The Lord of the Rings caught director 's attention travelling	'is the best movie made in Newland
Which of the following is NOT   true ? TOM three years old , ca n't go see tiger horse performance .	'The price of the bear and lion performance is the lowest of the three 
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Humans complete control mind .	'Singing songs may get earworms out of your head .
What does the author want to tell her daughter ? People n't blamed appearance .	"""It is not easy to take the doctors ' advice to eat less ."
In the 2000 - 2100 period , the large proportion of global increase of food production goes countries already high per - head consumption	'to any country in the world that needs it
It can be inferred from the passage that Jackson mobile phone camera	'it is fun to take photos for snakes
If you want to enjoy the performance of dolphins , you should go to Sea World San Diego	'San Diego Zoo
Which is TRUE about memory according to the passage ? We forget word soon goes short - term memory .	'Short - term memory is seldom used .
What can we learn from the passage ? We learn thankful share others	'If we have only a little 
People in the new study are made up of smokers non - smokers	'heavy smokers in America
According to the passage , Taihu Lake    suffered industrial waste , untreated sewage algae .	'is the third largest lake in China .
We can know from the passage that grid failure occurred Northeast several years ago	"""the residents of Texas do n't like hot "
The best title for the passage can be The importance creativity	'What is creativity ?
Which of the following statements is NOT the advantage of this algorithm ? It raise alarm driver breaks traffic rules .	'It helps drivers avoid potential accidents by judging the threats .
What does the author mainly want to tell us in the passage ? Doing suitable exercise good health .	'One could get a gold model without physical exercise .
It is known from the advertisement that Alaska famous culture , history natural beauty	'Juneau 
The passage mainly talks about sitting long leads increased health risks	'standing desks have replaced sit - down ones in Facebook Inc.
Christmas Day is birthday Jesus Christ	'the only day for giving presents
We can infer from the text that man 's sister would help author 's mother	'the author would come to China to see her mother
What problems can a casual dress code cause according to the passage ? Sometimes employees dress casually .	'Employees seldom wear comfortable clothes .
"In Keysar 's experiment , which of the following gives more accurate descriptions of the shapes ? The "" directors "" pairs little shared knowledge ."	"'The "" directors "" of the pairs who shared more knowledge ."
Which of the following is true ? Birth control important way control growth population .	'the richer the country is 
Schaeffer found out that wood could made best paper	'the best paper was in the forest
The author stole a glance at her neighbor because wondering dead young lady 's story	'the man was tall and straight 
Professor DeBolt went on a study trip to rural areas of developing countries to seek certain materials make electricity	'help farmers make full use of waste
What mistake   did the old woman make ? She threw away water	'boiled the tea
What should you do when you are taking the examination ? Check paper hand .	'After you finish the examination 
"The writer thinks the campaign "" Eat up All on Your Plate "" makes sense because wasting food still rather common China"	'some people have some bad eating habits
According to the passage , what is WAZA in favour of ? Taking good care animals kept places like zoos .	'Stopping importing chimpanzees .
Which of the following might be the best title for the text ? The Story Behind Boxing	'Regulations for Boxing Game .
The traveller put a stone into the pot in order to . inspire villagers bring food	"'teach the villagers to cook a soup with stone', ""prove to the villagers that he did n't want their food"
What do we know about the lumberjack ? A lumberjack earns less half software engineer 's salary year .	"'Although the lumberjack has high unemployment ', "" it is n't considered the worst job ."
We can infer from what Edward Spencer says that U.S. college always satisfies students ' requests	"""colleges usually do n't provide a special diet"
Language is a highly developed system of symbols because human beings make anything stand anything agreement	'have made use of language for centuries
All the following are part of the writer 's advice except that the homeowner keep lights rooms threaten burglars	'buy a security alarm and turn it on in the evening
Which of the followings best describes the writer 's idea ? Women men get equal pay equal work .	'Women should strengthen themselves .
It can be inferred that village - dwellers get along better neighbors city - dwellers .	'people like living in towns and cities
We are told in the passage that tree frogs face danger inside eggs water	'will grow fast if they fall into the water later
Why does the sun look bigger than any other star ? Because nearer us .	'Because it is bigger than any other star .
The passage tells us that salesmen have found color1 affect sales	'discovered the relationship between color1 and psychology
If you are interested in banking , you should talk to a bank clerk of twenty - four instead of a bank manager of sixty - four because young bank clerk full - time worker tell interesting boring things work	'a young bank clerk will be able to describe a special day at work
The passage is mainly about Molly finding new manager	'Molly and her children
When Mr Brown came back he A B	'found another piece of paper on the ground
We may infer from the story that answer lady 's question .	"'the lawyer and the lady used to be lovers .', ""the lady did n't like playing games with strangers ."
What conclusion can we draw from the story ? Success depends hard work , talent , willingnesss make changes .	"'However hard you try ', "" you wo n't achieve success without others ' help"
If you have no skin covering your body , what would happen ? We ca n't feel changes temperature .	"'Extra heat can only stay inside our body .', ""Viruses ca n't get into our body easily ."
Why do many American children have their dream jobs ? Because parents usually pay attention , ca n't .	'Because they start school earlier than Chinese children .
Which of the following reasons can account for parents ' attitudes towards children 's behavior formation ? Children need develop virtue show right way .	'Only well - behaved children will have a bright future .
Which of the following is the main idea of the passage ? Britain 's Queen orders count swans .	"""Britain 's Queen is concerned about swans ."
According to the passage , what overall message is presented ? No firm conclusions drawn .	"""Neither Culik 's nor Nimon 's findings are of much value ."
Grandpa quickly dismissed the family after the funeral because tended deal grief life	'he wanted to carry on with his farm work
Which sentence is WRONG ? All waste produced modem industry absorbed .	'To pollute means to make air 
What 's the best title for the passage ? A day Sam 's school	'Relaxed classes in the UK
At last John changed his mind and went home because he wanted to tell mother loved	"""tell his mother the young man 's story"
What can you infer from the passage ? Few people wish risk becoming savants brain operations .	'Idiot savants have real talents for art and math .
According to the text , which of the following is NOT true ? Modern beer contains alcoholic .	'Grain was the first crop used to brew beer .
After the writer made the phone call , the writer and her mum still failed get check	'went to New York immediately
"What does the author mean by saying "" Someday soon , even your homework may smell nice ! "" ? Smell research would develop beyond imagination ."	'Students would benefit more from smell research .
What would be the best title for this text ? Soccer Injury Wipeed Out Teen 's Memory	"""Parents Worried about Child 's Injury"
Which sentence is NOT true ? Father 's Day also day students get together school .	'On the cards 
Why do students show little interest in the subjects , like philosophy or history ? Because see subjects less - promising job market .	'Because they think these subjects are useless .
"Several effective complaints in English are mentioned above EXCEPT "" Hey ! You 're trying cheat ! """	"'"" I understand it \'s not your fault . """
What will Mariam appeal for in her speech ? Equal access boys girls education .	'Sex balance among children of school age .
According to the passage , the Pawnee Indians built their houses large enough several families	'with openings in the trunk walls
The child - development class is meant for students gain experience parent	'to take a doll home for fun
The first reason shows life American spends time watching TV school	'a TV program usually gives lessons of 15
What led to the argument in Italian middle schools ?    Clothes exposing .	"""Students ' craze for fashions ."
Which one is TRUE ? Judy watches favorite TV program Sundays .	'Judy learns English at school and home .
What can be inferred from the text ? What wear matter personal choice companies .	'Candidates have to wear what companies prefer for an interview .
From the passage , we can infer all of the following EXCEPT that Eskimos likely eat wolves summer	'Eskimo women are responsible for housework
Which of the following is the best topic for the passage ? How Dad helped life	'How Dad achieved success
Which statement is true according to the passage ? Smog hurt Beijing 's Winter Olympics bid .	'Beijing will cut its current coal consumption .
Which of these ideas would the writer of the reading probably agree with ? You 'd better eat unhealthy food .	"""Not eating unhealthy foods is easier with friends ' help ."
Anna Jarvis wanted to introduce celebration mothers	'thank her mother for her care
What does the gardener do after seeing these dry vegetables ? He starts build another new garden .	"'He hates the big tree very much .', ""He does n't like these vegetables ."
Which of the following is the best title for the fourth film ? Twelve Hours	'A Hard - working Truck Driver
To study English well , we have to things	'remember the new words and learn more grammar
The passage is mainly about power simple compliment	'friendship between the writer and a young man
We can infer from the text that humans and animals choose food similar ways	'depend on one sense in choosing food
What does the passage mainly talk about ? An important exhibition .	'Artworks from China .
What 's the main idea of the passsage ? Something sugar addiction give .	'Some advice to stop eating sweet food
The passage is most probably intended for job hunters seek careers abroad	'companies that do international business
Which of the following suggestions will the author not agree with ? We make strict regulations force students study hard .	'We should encourage students to give up full - time jobs .
Google started the Endangered Languages Project in order to provide safe place international languages	'connect people who speak the endangered language
Some members of the British government criticized Diana because actually opposed banning landmines	"""she was ill - informed of the government 's policy"
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Chinese literature spread development    China .	'The Nobel Prize for Literature has a history of hundreds of years .
Terry Callier leave his career in music in 1983 because he wanted take care daughter	'was offered a better job in Chicago college
To be a good talker , you are advised NOT to change subject frequently	'ask many common questions
In this passage , health includes all of the following EXCEPT wearing comfortably	'eating well
The writer 's success shows us Mr. Broaches found developed interest	'Mr. Broaches often gave him some puzzles only for fun .
Which would be the best title for the text ? Fouryearold Boy Becomes Queen 's Pen Pal	"""Tom 's Special Balloon"
What 's the most suitable   ending of the story ?     The woman left bookshop without buying books .	'Mr. Green would make friends with the woman .
The camp counselors failed to fill David 's beginning days with fun and laughter , mainly because David remained bad mood	'behaved like a pirate
This passage was most likely written in order to tell readers early history bicycle	'compare bicycles used for different purposes
From the passage we can learn that couple budgeted trip carefully	'Disney World is located in Georgia
What can we infer from the passage ? ks5u Customers easily persuaded advertisements .	"""It 's impossible for customers to buy a product without advertisement ."
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Attitude belief change person .	"'Only teachers can make you a top student .', ""A professor 's study can help you score highest ."
What can be concluded from the passage ? Communication reduce conflicts parents children .	'Children understand what their parents think of clearly .
The world 's busiest international airport is London Heathrow airport	'Berlin airport
Clouds are made of    small drops water snow crystals	'seas 
The new passport photos will probably contain all EXCEPT one 's blood type	"""one 's picture"
The Inspire Scholarship is a prize helps pay tuition Delaware State University	'that any student in gold medal schools can apply for
From the passage we can know that hipsters are people follow latest trends fashions	'a group of students who are good at musical instruments
Which of the following message about Madama Bishop is true ? She got married .	'After her tour in Europe 
"Which state is called the "" golden state "" and why ? California , gold rush ."	'Texas 
This transplant is considered the greatest medical breakthrough because first success new stem cell technology	'this is the first organ transplant in the whole world
Which of the following may Steve Hornsey agree to ? There moral classic fairytale .	'Fairytales are dark .
In which stage will people feel most uncomfortable ? The withdrawal stage .	'The honeymoon stage .
Which of the following cultural relics is among the best in the world ? Haeinsa Temple	'Pulguksa Temple
According to the author , a bachelor resists marriage chiefly because     unwilling take family responsibilities	'he finds more fun in dating than in marriage
Parents give their children allowances in order to learn value money	'let them make more money
In the author 's opinion , words two different types English may different spellings	"""language differences do n't affect understanding"
What can we conclude after reading the passage ? It 's easy care someone dementia .	"""The writer 's family is n't filled with love ."
All the four inns in the passage     convenient hiking	'has air conditioning in the rooms
What can be inferred from the passage ? The scientists continue research possible connection .	'Women have a higher risk to be infected by the parasite than men .
According to passage , we can infer that students talked something school	'some students praised their teachers
Which is the best title of the article ? English tea coffee culture .	'British and Chinese cultures .
What does the author intend to tell in the passage ? A couple learn climb .	'A family who love rock climbing .
What 's the goal of the program of City Year ? It engages young people teach high - poverty schools .	'It helps to find jobs for college students .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Boys included Take Our Daughters Work Day .	'Women and men have always been treated equally at work .
In American , a child starts going to school 6 7	'when he is able to understand TV
In which way ca n't a photo album help you ? Clearing worries pets .	'Helping your new friends to learn more about you .
In the opinion of Dr . Bemie Siegel , the miracle has roots in love life	'chemical changes in our body
The detection system works detecting smell alcohol vehicle cabin	'by measuring the volume of the alcohol in vehicle cabin
When your colleague brings about a problem , you should find better way handle problem	'blame him for his lack of responsibility
Why do some professional photographers NOT like to take pictures of pets ? Pets may follow orders .	"""Pets do n't want to be bothered ."
Which of the following years is a leap year according to Pope ? The year 2400 .	'The year 2100 .
"If someone has "" mobile phone disease "" , it means mobile phone brought disease"	"'something is wrong with his mobile phone', ""he ca n't live without the mobile phone"
Why does your dog look pleased to see you ? dog loves particular way smell .	'because your dog wants to play with you
When did the author know that Ed was found ? Before author Helen found manager restaurant .	'After the author and Helen returned from the restaurant .
What can you learn from the passage ? The Media Center Lin Tao 's first club .	"""Lin Tao does n't like joining clubs ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? The woman standing corner n't like compliment	'The first man the author praised accepted his compliment .
For whom is the notice intended ? All staff members company .	'Only the management staff of the company .
"The passage is mainly about story behind "" The Praying Hands """	'the early life of Albrecht Durer
What is the best title of this passage Disabled still able	'Never wear prosthetics even disabled
This passage is funny Halloween story	'mainly about two brave kids
From the text we know that fad diets help people lose weight	'people refuse to accept fad diets
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? WHO Says Children Dying Lack Child - sized Drugs	"'A Global Campaign to Promote Research into AIDS Medicine', ""Many People are Concerned about Children 's Drugs"
. Which of the following statements about loose dogs is TRUE according to the research ? People used think wolves , rather loose dogs killed livestock Basque   country .	'There are around 500 million loose dogs around the world .
What 's true according to the passage ? For ten years , people Hong Kong n't seen worse typhoon Typhoon Rose .	"""Typhoons all over the world have girls ' names ."
The passage is mainly about history National Flag Canada	'the designer of the National Flag of Canada
Which of the following is NOT mentioned about the swarm of bees in the passage ? They made Andy stay hospital two days .	'They shocked and terrified Andy .
Which is Not True according to the passage ? One day man ran Socrates excitedly one students .	'Socrates asked the man to pass the Test of Three .
Which of the following is true ? The sea animals perform three times day .	'The Long March exhibition is explained in English .
The passage is mainly about people spread rumors	'what rumors mean
If you do n't want to be occupationally dead , you must least get high school diploma	'should look for a job in a primary school
Which is TRUE ? He likes students plays games	'He has a little work to do so he often plays with the children
What can we learn from the passage ? Watching television may cause women feel depressed .	'Finding interests and hobbies in common means taking a class .
The visitor went on talking and paid attention Jack	"""he did n't like Jack"
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Of advertisements , three items try price competitive .	'City Market has been devoted to helping nonprofit organizations overseas .
The little girl and her father stood , at the doorway during all of this because wanted see happy little boy would receiving present	'they wanted to make sure the boy would thank them
Most of Russell 's constituents believe Cuomo 's proposal unfair middle - class families .	'will be useless for improving prisons .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? When sing , may get mark devices .	"""The company Apple did n't invent   the iPod ."
Which of the following is TRUE ? The British prefer horse racing bike racing .	'For most British people 
What do experts think people did after the village parties ? Put dead relatives river .	'Returned to live at Stonehenge .
What conclusion is best supported by the passage ? Children 's language skills developed required respond actively .	'Parents should be trained to read to their children .
According to the passage , the author formed a habit of spending Christmas Eve Mr . Lee hospital	'celebrating Christmas Eve with her family
Which of the following best summarizes the passage ? Open education really complex idea .	"'Open education is better than traditional education .', 'Teachers dislike open education .', 'The writer thinks that open education is a good idea in practice .', 'Open education is better than traditional education .', ""Traditional teachers do n't believe in open education ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? When Katharine Graham first took Post , critics doubted ability .	"""It was Katharine Graham 's husband who made the greatest contributions to the Post ."
The death toll in 2008 can hardly compare with that in 2012 because research methods changed .	'the death toll included 4.3 million deaths due to indoor air pollution .
Why did the villagers agree to sell frogs ? The frogs easy money .	'They needed money to buy medicine .
In what way do poor digestion and stress cause body problems ? Poor digestion absorb much nutritional goodness food .	'People with poor digestion take in food and process all of it .
The passage is mainly about American students experienced New Zealand food	'American students made a trip to New Zealand
Which of the following is true ? The winter break    UK long .	'The winter break in the    UK is a time for sleep .
Why did the authorities in Thai need to have the lodgings improved ? Because tourists prefer better service better living condition	'Because tourists have plenty of money .
We can know from the passage that guest ever stayed capsule hotel Shanghai	'everybody considers the capsule hotel a nice place to stay
From Para 7 , we can infer that technology would widely accepted short term	'the technology developed by Richard Berk will soon be widely used in the US
What 's the best title of the passage ? Daily Energy Cycle	'Save Your Energy
According to the scientists ' observation , asteroid named Apophis might hit earth 2036 .	'the asteroid named Apophis will explode in 2036 .
Bradley hit the front page headline for first black mayor one largest cities USA	'he was the first black mayor in history
According to the text , the author intends to tell us that Sleeping little bit longer day might help fight obesity	'insufficient sleep is linked with changes in hormone lives
We can infer from the passage ? You n't need deal food poisoning seriously .	"'The solution to food poisoning is to get rid of all the bacteria .', ""It 's easy to find bacteria ."
Why does the dog go to the boy ? Because wants eat	"'the boy asks it to do so', ""the boy is the dog 's owner"
What 's the best title of the passage ? Dogs Behave like Their Masters	'Dogs Are Intelligent Animals
Why did the state hospital refuse to practice surgeon for Ziad Matouk ? Because could n't find matched organ .	"""Because he could n't afford the fee at a public hospital ."
"It seems that the best title for this passage is Americans Voted "" Funniest Nation "" , Germans "" Least Funny """	'The Funniest Nationality
We can learn from the text that Chinese culture popular local people	'the Chinese culture has no effect on the local people
The author gave the example of two drivers to show importance map right direction	'the foolishness of the first driver
Which was NOT the reason for the writer 's falling behind ? He spent much time reading storybooks .	"""He only cared about clothes and did n't study ."
Which of the following does NOT belong to green power ? Atomic energy	'Solar energy
"Which of the following is wrong ? Only old US know meaning "" face music """	"'"" To face the music "" is well - known in the US ."
According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true ? Half people US remain single .	'Pop culture is against singleness and in favor of the couple .
Orange juice is different from orange drink because natural , nutritious prepared real oranges	'it contains only a small percentage of real juice
What does Helen Lester think life will be like in the future ? There buildings fewer trees .	'People will live much longer .
This passage mainly talks about protective coloration animals pests	'the change of color in locusts
If you took part in the competition and won the second prize , what will you get ? A silver medal , $ 300 CAD certification	'A certificate 
According to the passage the researchers are experiments find disturbs person 's memory	'studying how a person remembers things
What can be the best title for the pasage ? Father 's Apron	"""Father 's Love"
We can learn from the passage that the 40-minute technique helps author pass daily quizzes university days	'ensures that we understand the difficult language
According to the passage , which of the statements is true ? The speed tourism UK increasing faster producing goods .	'Great Britain grows all of the food it needs .
After schools have re - evaluated their safety needs , teachers pay attention shootings	'families will be more concerned about schools
From the text , we learn that Royal Jelly product help renew person 's energy vitality	'Madeline was more than willing to take Royal Jelly at the very beginning
The new buildings for the Olympic can used people Olympic Games	'be closed after the Olympic Games
Which of the following statements about Digital Angel is NOT true ? Digital Angel soon produced replace passive chips .	'Digital Angel will include at least a chip and a power source .
What 's the best title of this passage ? communicating politely	'Touching people
Students who sign up on My Yearbook.com make friends school clubs	"""can do anything traditional yearbooks ca n't offer"
It is commonly believed that parents ' relationships may suffer young grow move	'marriages improve after children leave home
Which of the following is the most suitable title for the passage ? Decoding blueprint life	'Super Science High School
We can tell from the story that people love share selfies online	'only famous people enjoy taking selfies
What 's the best title for the passage ? Zhang Wenchi --- beautiful post-90s student	"""Zhang Wenchi 's college dream"
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? The signals coming low - mass planets weak noticed .	'Most of the discovered planets are not fit for people to live on .
What is the most important part for you to succeed ? Getting rid bad habits .	'Starting your action plan .
We can learn from the text that Shanghai Hong Kong 's economic performance improve	"'the "" key school "" system is the key to many schools \' failure"
What would be the best title for this passage ? Landing Moon----the Next Target	'A Manned Lunar Landing is Both Challenging and Tactical
Who killed the crocodile in the end ? A farmer .	"'The boy .', ""The boy 's mother ."
What is Zuckerberg 's purpose of providing Internet access to people who do not now have it ? Making people without Internet enjoy benefits .	'Establishing connections will affluent people and organizations .
In order to support a balanced life style , which measure has the company NOT taken ? Offering drink free .	'Changing the menu .
How are nitrogen oxides formed according to the text ? Nitrogen oxygen put together great heat .	'Carbon monoxide and oxygen are mixed together .
The reading mainly talks about history tea bags	'the invention of tea
What do you have to do first if you want to ask fir studying at Oxford ? You have to pass certain level test English language	'study English hard
In the story , the vet must be doctor animals	"""the farmer 's friend"
From the text we can know make rainy days interesting	'why rainy days are boring
According to the author , what is the biggest problem nowadays ? People disturbed use cellphones .	"""People ca n't hear the other part of the conversation ."
What 's the passage mainly about ? A Chinese astronaut takes historic walk space .	'China succeeded in launching Shenzhou VII into space .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Some wolves areas must killed , others protected .	"'Wolves should be protected ', "" for there 's a small population of it on earth ."
Living together , members allowed break rules make together .	'the teenagers have to obey the rules the adults made .
What are scientists worried about when it comes to plants according to the article ? Plants may able evolve fast enough adapt human - caused climate change .	"'Plants may not be able to adapt to the increasingly cold climate .', ""Human activities might have a great impact on the pace of plants ' evolution ."
What is the best title for the passage ? The Surprising Motion Mars	'The Recent Research into Mars
What does the passage mainly discuss ? A home future .	'How to develop a new system .
What makes Geisel Library different from the others is that famous writers often deliver speeches	'Queen Elizabeth I founded the library
What 's the best title of the passage ? Can dogs smell cancer ?	'Dogs and treatment
The study in the passage shows that    smoking serious problem among British students	'some student smokers are having fun smoking
The couple quit their jobs and took their children traveling because wanted experience lives .	'their children wanted to make friends of all nationalities .
That San Francisco attracts students most might be good place live study	'the mild year - round climate
In the author 's opinion , if all people remembered to smile when driving , many traffic accidents could avoided	'they would receive a good natural smile in return
What is the best title for the passage ? Do Study Many Languages besides English	"""Do n't Ignore That Study"
""" We are all brothers . A wounded enemy is an enemy no longer . "" The sentence showed that Dunant great sympathy human beings"	'Dunant was a good soldier
.The following are all the immediate effects after a forest fire EXCEPT snow ground mirrors sunlight back space	'large amounts of greenhouse gases enter the atmosphere
The whole exchange programme is mainly to let students learn something countries	'help teenagers in other countries know the real America
Which of the following is true ? The professor surprised see farmer eating supper road .	"'The farmer was happy to have the professor to help them fix the chimney .', ""The professor took a broom from the farmer 's house ."
Which of the following helps prevent kidney damage most effectively ? Take enough exercise make early detection kidney disease .	'Go to see a kidney specialist shortly before dialysis starts .
Which of the following is TRUE ? The two languages closer closer .	'American English will be used more and more .
Why did the officer get angry ? Because driver still shook head said .	"""Because the driver did n't understand him ."
You would like to get your children interested in reading so you can bring them to visit Scholastic Store	"'the Whispering Gallery', ""Ellen 's Stardust Diner"
If you need a blood transfusion , the best and safest blood for you is      . exactly type	'a mixture of type A and type B
In keeping pets , we learn that human beings gain knowledge keeping pets	'pets dislike human beings
What would be the best title for the passage ? Wales , land population move .	'Tourism 
The surveys mentioned in the passage show music popular professions	'most surgeons in the UK are fond of singing
It is implied in the passage that potential market mobile technology	'mobile technology is being used for classroom learning
Which is NOT the reason for growing healthy rice ? To make farmers surprised .	'To make the students close to the land .
What is Paragraph 5 mainly about ? What else steal body heat .	'What causes the body to lose heat faster .
What did the stranger do when the writer jumped into a taxi ? He got another taxi .	'He tried to stop the taxi .
What can be the best title for the text ? Solar - powered smart road future	'The great changes on the roadway
Which of the following statements is NOT correct ? London Eye called EDF Energy London Eye 2011 company bought .	'It is so popular that every year 
December is a quiet month because Parents decide go holiday	"""Parents do n't want to see the staff"
What does the story want to tell us ? Never give dream .	"""Do n't take away others ' dreams ."
Which is the following NOT true according to the passage ? Renjian buchai comes article written pupil .	'If the top one student Tina failed the English exam
What is the main purpose of this passage ? Toargueagainsttheideathatcollegeisthefirst choiceforallyoungsters .	"'To inform young people college education is no longer important now .', ""To prove college education does n't make young people more intelligent ."
By means of music , the composer wishes that would share feelings ideas	'you would express your own feelings
What can we learn from the text ? The Flakes took much trouble get drinkable water island .	'The Flakes could easily find a fire on the island .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The employees right enjoy eleven day public holidays .	'The workers there can enjoy a seven - day leave without pay .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Europe Bans X - Ray Body Scanners Used US Airports .	'Different scanners will be used in American .
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Parents n't ask children housework .	'Children have the freedom to choose their own job .
According to the text , why are test flights most dangerous ? The pilot may lose control plane .	'The plane may explode in the air
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Customers prefer feel relaxed restaurant .	"""Unless you order Tim 's Hug "
What can we know from the passage ? The author finally realized use poor .	"""The author 's daughters found their mother cried at the end of the day ."
The text mainly tells us time management mistakes	'how to avoid wasting time
According to the passage , which is RIGHT ? Jeff 's room tidy .	'Jeff can play volleyball well .
According to the passage , Republicans and Democrats often disagreement issues .	'have never agreed on one issue before .
Why did students set chickens free ? They wanted play trick teachers .	'They wanted to let chickens free .
We can use Bitcoin to buy the following things except books physical shops	'goods at 134 online shops on Taobao
Carlos like work volunteer much .	'wants to get something as a volunteer .
We can infer from the passage that many people accept advertisements	'no advertisements are interesting
"In the passage , the sentence "" and he had not worked at all "" means ""   crossed water easy way"	"'he worked hard to cross the water', ""he did n't go to work that day"
In the passage , the writer intends to tell us that person purpose stick ideas plans	'people should spend more time in planning their vacation than making a choice
You are advised to start hiking early in order to get back early	'finish your hiking in a day
In order to experience what real surfing is , must first swim swells board	'you will first ride on a board to reach the swells
We can learn from the passage that those men who have stronger ability to bear mental stress usually active variant gene	'have the less active variant of the gene
The main purpose in writing the passage is to call world unite one	'help the people who suffered tsunamis
A spider 's ability to finish an incomplete web proves that highly preprogrammed brain	'it reuses its web protein to reproduce new silk
""" Background music "" in the passage means music played people working"	'a kind of noise coming into your ears
Which can be the BEST title for this passage ? Miracles nowhere	'Butterflies and miracles
What may be the function of nicotine in cigarette butts for birds ? To drive harmful insects away bird nests .	'To provide building materials for bird nests .
According to the passage , Poepoe 's new calendar helps take care fishing resources	"'decides the best time for fishing', ""makes Mo'omomi Bay 's fishery booming"
Which of the following accidents may NOT happen in homes ? People may knocked cars roads .	'People may fall to death from high buildings .
The woman has orange skin	'an orange coat
The writer likes living London	'was born in San Francisco
According to the passage , which factor contributes to the lack of dialogue between doctors and patients ? Many doctors find difficult persuade overweight people lose weight .	'Most doctors never think of warning their patients about their weight problem .
The criminal got the reddest and biggest apple because knew make mother happy answer	'he told the truth that he wanted a smaller one
What can we learn about the population in China from the passage ? At beginning 2030s aging problem worse .	"'After the year of 2023 ', ' the population will become less and less .', ""There 's no need to carry out the family planning policy ."
According to the passage , which of the following statements is true ? Some additives besides nitrates cause cancer .	'All additives cause illness .
What can be the best title for the passage ? Is Netspeak harming English language ?	'Netspeak : a widely - used language on Internet
What 's the main idea of the passage ? An endangered language spoken two people .	"""World 's endangered languages are being filmed ."
Why does the author take the example of Emily Dickinson ? Because loneliness may contribute arts creation ways .	'Because loneliness itself was present when Emily Dickinson wrote a poem .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Bladeless wind - power generator friendly birds .	'Wind turbines are efficient sources of cheap energy .
What is the main theme of the passage ? Skills set goals .	'Ways to overcome your fear of failure .
Ravi Mehta 's experiment indicates that proper volume background noises improve creativity	"""students ' creativity improves in a quiet environment"
What made the author began to ride a bike to work ? The subway construction city way .	'The author bought his own bike .
Which of the following is true ? Anne loved life though difficult time .	'Anne was lazy 
From the news brief , we can learn that quite violent accidents happened Thailand latest one	'Forest Service roads are closed for repairs before they are opened again
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Mental Problems Caused Air Pollution	'Long - time Exposure to Air Pollution
Which of the following is NOT true ? All plants get food soil .	'Tigers 
York was proud of the fact that could perform duties doctor	'he had cheated doctors for so long
After the man fell ill , he intended to give treasure people	'take all the treasure home
You can learn from the text that hundreds people died flood	'heavy rains followed the flood
What 's the passage mainly about ? An introduction newspaper reporter 's job .	'An interesting life of a newspaper reporter .
Which is the following is true ? Camels live bad life .	'An African camel has one hump becausethereare many desertsthere .
Which do you think can be the best title of the passage ? Net Shopping Hooks Army Addicts	'Net Shopping Cost People Much Money
What 's the writer 's purpose in writing the passage ? To inform readers tea growing , picking processing .	'To introduce various methods of tea processing .
The purpose of the passage is to show you how to play cards right	'use your cards abroad
What is the best title for the passage ? Modern technology	'The definition of technology
What would be the best title for the passage ? Supermarkets Urges Families Dinner Table	'Family Mealtime is out of Fashion
Why Kekula took her father home ? Because turned hospitals little done father .	'Because a patient died from an Ebola infection in the hospital in Kanata .
Which of the following statements best describes the writer 's opinion ? Children allowed enough time play .	'Playing board games works better than playing video games .
What can be learned from the passage ? The Pepsi Company may sponsor Teen Ink campaign .	'Teen Ink must ask for your permission before having your work published
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? He lost interest playing basketball retired .	"'Larry Bird began his career after his graduation from the college .', 'Though he left the team ', "" he did n't feel too much regret ."
From the passage , we can infer that the writer Missed valuable things life	"""Did n't care too much for flowers"
It can be inferred from the passage that Hatshepsut 's death may mystery .	"'Yehya recognized the fat woman as Hatshepsut .', ""Elizabeth found Hatshepsut 's mummy first ."
What shocked Dawn Bonfield most ? Girls paid attention engineering .	'There were so many girls at the show .
What can we learn about Chihuahuas from this passage ? They cute , long - haired much like fox .	'Chihuahuas are the descendants of the dingoe .
What is the passage mainly about ? The start development watercolor .	'The gradual weakness of fresco painting .
What can we learn from the text ? Soap plays important role removing germs .	'1
If you prefer living in a stone house , which hotel would you choose ? Plumber Manor .	"'Woodville Farm Bed & Breakfast+Self - catering .', ""Howard 's House Country Hotel & Restaurant ."
What happened to Jan Howard in Frontenac ? She n't enough money go journey .	"""She could n't live with her children ."
Abramson probably agrees that text messaging bad children 's spelling	"'voice calls produce less radiation than texting', ""mobile phone use encourages children 's language skills"
It can be concluded from the passage that anyone can become a changemaker if he    tries improve social conditions	'gets permission from Ashoka
What can we learn from the above four packages ? The Horizons Night Show may special interest tourists .	"""The Twilight Package -- Ambassador 's Fine Dining is the cheapest one ."
What is the Project Planes Program trying to do ? Work better environment .	'Help guests check out faster .
Why did the man walk to the writer and Robert ? To look job Robert 's company	"""To ask for a lift in Robert 's truck ."
Which of the following is true according to the text ? It 's generally considered animals sense coming disasters .	"'It has been proved that animals have a "" sixth sense "" ."
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? Getting older means getting happier	'The young are happier than the old
When the head smiled , it 's clear that traveller n't know children meant	'he wanted the traveller to tell him something else
People now are most worried whether developed countries Canada	'whether developing countries will refuse to cut emissions
Which of the following is right ? Mary good time party .	"""Mary is Nick 's classmate ."
Many Chinese students think that American student free school	'love their school a lot
We can learn from the passage that government trying ease tension	'the projects of Galapagos Conservation Trust on the islands are profitable
"Which may be a fact resulting from the "" secondary benefit "" of AGNES ? Young people eat exercise well ."	'Young people respect old people .
We use antifreeze in order to make freezing point water lower	'keep alcohol in water
According to the passage , the computer technology helps farmer get better harvest	'prevents temperature from dropping
Which of the following is not true according to the text ? People wear practical functional shoes may hard deal .	'People with high incomes probably wear expensive shoes .
If you 're interested in human evolution , you 'd better choose Self - led Activities	'The Great Debate Schools Program
Mirabella decided to work with dogs after kid 's dog show	'one of her dogs died
How did the young mouse know the cat was there ? He heard cat .	'He saw the cat .
Which of the following is TRUE ? The moment open eyes , light book travels eyes .	'All the things you can see give off light .
"What will make one man happy may not make another man happy . This sentence means ""   Different peolpe hold different opinions happiness"	'When one man feels happy 
Which of the following is not true ? Both young officer old soldier angry .	'The young officer wanted his mother to meet him at the station .
What can we infer from the passage ? Some things n't get better age , paper textbook .	'i Books are sure to replace the paper textbooks .
We can see a rocky cliff over 400 feet high right coming sharp bend	'on the Rhine hillsides
People thought Bob could n't graduate from college because parents little money support	"""his teacher did n't think he could graduate"
Why did Michael take his kids to watch the disabled runners ? He wanted learn love care poor people .	'He wanted them to pay more attention to PE at school .
According to the passage , we know that Han Duan good sports school	'has won an Asian Cup 
""" Foreigners often speak English too correctly . "" The sentence means that foreigners speak English according grammar rules ."	'foreigners speak correct English .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is true ? The death rate among unhappy people greater .	"'Unhappiness will definitely make a person ill .', ""Unhappiness does n't necessarily make you ill ."
The author mentions the sudden stop of the bus to give better explanation concussions	"""stress it 's dangerous to ride buses"
According to the passage , which is NOT true about the ISS ? It carried people planets .	'It will provide a long - lasting lab for us .
The competition was organized by Innova Junior College	'the National University of Singapore
"Which of the following statements is TRUE ? "" Dutch "" sometimes means non - English American English ."	"'The original meaning of "" Dutch "" refers to the people in the British ."
LexisNexis Academic is the name of a database	'library
which sentence about the writer is TRUE ? He likes taking train train stations usually cities .	'He likes taking a plane because it takes a lot of time to go to the city .
Which of the following can be inferred from the text ? The government America possibly forbid importing peppers Mexico .	"'Store owners are most likely to be the supporters of the law .', ""Federal inspectors could n't take measures to enforce the law ."
The boy became interested in the vegetables later because fruits labour	'those vegetables were the kinds he liked
What is the main idea of the passage ? A severe heatwave swept India great loss .	'A severe heatwave would continue over India .
Justin hated Christmas because hard time choosing gifts	'he spent too much money buying gifts
What did Bogota do to improve the quality of life for its people ? It built new parks new public transport system .	'It shut down some factories in the city .
We can infer from the passage that industrialization contributes spread Western diet	'overweight people are at higher risk of infectious diseases
The text recommends the following available ways of receiving Australian education and training EXCEPT attending online courses home	"'going to study in Australia', ""going to Australian campuses opened in one 's native country"
Why should the American people usually pay three types of taxes ? There three levels government -- federal , state city - support United States .	'There are three kinds of taxes to pay -- graduated income tax 
We can learn from The Giver that people community live imperfect life	'Jonas is satisfied with his life in the community
The author prayed for Sandy 's recovery because he felt that would recover Sandy recovered	"'he could help the nurses in the hospital', ""Sandy 's parents were sad and helpless"
From the passage we can infer that different cultures would affect students look photo	'different images would change with different people
Which two books were adapted into a six - part TV series ? The Restaurant End Universe Life , The Universe Everything	'Life 
Which of the following is true ? Carl Jung 's dream house changed changed .	"'Carl Jung built a house himself in his childhood .', ""Cooper Marcus can recognize a house 's owner easily ."
The research on pigs at Purdue University shows that    pigs need affection .	'pigs love being alone .
If you enjoy barbecue , you can choose to stay at Smugglers Cove Cottage Driftwood	'Sandpiper or Smugglers Cove Cottage
The example of Christian and Brianna proves giving makes person become happier	"'kids should be thankful for learning chances', ""making a difference is n't easy for kids"
Those who want more economic growth believe that continued economic growth essential well - society whole	'can provide the solution to many of our social problems today
According to the passage , what makes it possible to carry out a facial transplantation ? Drugs available stop body 's immune system rejecting transplanted face .	'Most people accept the idea of face transplants .
Why do you think the writer turned and walked back to the table ? He wondered dropped wallet eating .	'The head of the restaurant wanted to know what was wrong .
Which of the following might be the best title for this article ? Diet : tricky path weight loss	'Important things for successful diet
Which of the following might be more inviting to a sports fan ? Sydney Olympic Park	'Koalas Park Sanctuary .
Where is Judson Memorial Church ? To south Washington Square .	'Behind Washington Square Park .
The passage centers on life began volcano - produced island .	'how an island rose up in the sea
The woman went to the shop again the next day in order to teach assistant lesson	'get the dress she loved
From this article , we know that Climatologists told us two aspects reason climate change	'the weather will be changed in the future
Why is patience necessary in whale watching ? Because difficult find clever whales .	'Because whales are on their way to breeding grounds .
Many men think women 's duty mainly housework home	"""women ca n't do what men can"
The reason for heating up competition between international universities is China 's boom , students ' desire foreign universities ' commercial motive	'that China has become one of the largest exporters of the students aiming to study abroad
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The boy could n't hear clearly without ears first .	"""The son did n't know the truth until his mother died ."
How far is it from Changsha to Guangdong ? 726 kilometers	'1084 kilometers
In what ways could ocean living be helpful for man ?   (     ) People interested new pleasure n't anywhere else .	'The sea can supply people with enough foods and other things 
What can we infer from the passage ? The author mistook Mary morning .	'Mary would raise a dog after helping her brother .
"The best title of the text would be ""   The Lighthouse"	'The Boat
Which of the following is TRUE ? The charms popular students .	'The two girls love their parents and money .
What do the publishers mentioned in the passage have in common ? They n't aim making money publishing global writing .	'They mainly publish top - quality world literature in translation .
Which can be the best title of the passage ? The 100th guest	'A snack bar
The best title for this passage should be How Skin Cells Heal Cuts	'The Importance of Skin
From the text we learn that customs influence people 's lives	'people respect each other in Colombia
From the passage , we know that walking central Australia takes long time	"'pedestrian walking is a great way to travel between cities', ""central Australia has the world 's longest railway line"
The new technique can prevent AIDS virus spreading	'cure AIDS
What makes the scientists plan to move Earth ? Earth become hot mankind keep alive .	"'A few comets are moving to the direction of Earth .', ""Earth 's working life is coming to an end soon ."
The original price would be misleading because might sharp drop price item	'there might be a sharp drop in quality of the item
"The ancient people mentioned "" traveling a thousand miles "" and "" reading a thousand books "" together meaning that travel means going sightseeing"	'travel is as important as reading
The author was angry because    class made fun .	"""Reed Harrington did n't date her ."
The author mentioned Jimmy Rodger , John Denver and Steve Earle to show process development country music	'tell us the stage singing style of country music
Gradael investigated the use of rare earths in modern technologies to determine whether substitutes rare earths	'prove the important role rare earths play
What can we infer from the passage ? Music affect fashion trends .	'Old clothes look hot this year .
Who 's in No.3 Middle School ? Li Lei , Jack Jack 's mother	'Li Lei and his mother
We can infer from the text that 50 % Britons think eating egg day bad health	'drugs to lower blood pressure will be replaced by eating eggs
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Making wrong choices life necessary .	"""We ca n't learn all the things at school ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Drivers ages expected provide medical condition .	'Drivers over the age of 75 must renew their licenses every three years .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The doctors used two machines keep D ' Zhana Simmons ' life .	"""D ' Zhana Simmons had only one heart transplant ."
What ean be inferred from passage three ? America ranks first producing e - waste year	'China produces 2.6 million tons of electronic waste a year
According to Rodd Freitag , young people are less likely to vote because n't think part life	"""they do n't like either of the candidates"
Why did n't the writer 's mother answer his question immediately ? Because thinking better answer .	"""Because her husband did n't love her ."
The best title for the passage can be Grandfather 's Clock	'My Grandfather
Small talk happens most probably except when 're meeting	"""you 're waiting for a bus"
"Which of the following might be the best title of the passage ? "" Shanzhai "" culture takes life"	"'"" Shanzhai "" culture will definitely fade out"
If a child plays with his invisible friend , it shows that child great imagination	'the child is longing for friendship
What did the 2010 research find ? Rats natural ability recognize directions	"""Rats ' hipppcampus is different from that of humans"
Which of the following ways can ease the jams according to the passage ? People take trains spend holiday .	'People drive private cars to spend holiday .
The important measures of the tendency to diabetes are body handles glucose increases insulin resistance	'whether cross - linking is much enough to reduce elasticity and make the skin stiff
Which of the following is TRUE ? Peter often speaks Chinese classmates .	'Peter likes summer best in Shanghai .
Medical students all become doctors graduate	'after they work in the hospital for six or seven years
What might be the most suitable title for the passage ? Understanding animals	'Raising animals as pets
If there is a fire breaking out in a restaurant , what will happen in China ? people carry basket water containers help put flames	'people will go out to leave
Which of the following is NOTtrue ? You enjoy acrobatic shows every day 7 p.m. open air .	'You can see live performance of Peking Opera while enjoying Chinese traditional tea
The mother placed a full page ad in order to ask son come back China festival	'beg her son to answer her telephone more times
The passage mainly talks about people 's different opinions paying students	'it is right for some American schools to pay students
Which order of steps is followed in carrying out the project ? Design -- Prototype -- Assessment -- Construction .	'Design -- Assessment -- Prototype -- Construction .
Which of the following is true according to the article ? Regular jogging makes people live longer .	'Regular jogging decreases longevity .
The passage is written mainly to tell us something Wife - carrying World Championship .	'attract more visitors to the Wife - carrying World Championship .
Which of the following descriptions is true according to the passage ? By comforting daughter , author showed much loved truck .	'When the author first learned about the crash 
What has China been doing to promote Chinese language learning abroad according to the text ? The Chinese language contests foreign students regularly held .	'Thousands of Chinese teacher are sent abroad to teach the language .
According to the passage , scientists have found    gene determines skin colour	'people living in northern latitudes need more sunlight
What happened in 1935 ? The customer stole ring girl friend .	'The jewelry shop lost some rings .
It can be learnt from the passage that websites involve joy learning beneficial kids .	'Enchanted Learning has reading activities and worksheets to download .
What can we infer from the text ? It 's important travelers understand cultural differences .	"""It 's useful for travelers to know how to ask the way properly ."
The newly found elements are elements 113 , 115 , 117 , 118	'elements 113 
"What is the main idea of the passage ? It 's wonderful chance students take part important celebration . """	'The students are seldom late for training .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The Red Panda 's tail help stay balanced high trees .	'The Red Panda can only be found in India 
What is the best title of the passage ? Lists Contract Suppliers .	'A New Age of Corporate Responsibility .
According to the passage , female elephants remember family members traveling	'are usually stronger than male elephants
""" If you want to know the time , ask a policeman . "" That means British policeman friendly helpful"	'the British policeman has plenty of time to help people
The five councils worked out a plan to build an incinerator plant to meets EU requirements	'reduce the roast of burying waste
What is the trouble with McDonald 's ? Its sales income dropped .	'Its share goes down to$21 .
Which of the following magazines saves the most money ? Dog Fancy	'Dog World
What is the best title for this passage ? From wheels heels	'New fuels on the way
Which of the following is NOT true ? These days , one channel old movies , cooking fishing .	'My brothers 
The best title of this story should be A Classic Love Story	'A Bowl of Gruel
"Which of the following is TRUE about the KL HOP - ON HOP - OFF bus service ? Passengers n't pay boarding HOP - ON HOP - OFF buses 
 time tickets ' validity ."	'The bus service is free of charge for foreign tourists .
Form the article we know that      boy blind needs help	'the boy always has a hat on his head
The father decided to help the Smiths because learned widow Smith trouble	'he saw the little child looking for wood out in the cold
After class , the author talks Ms. Runkle quite lot	'seldom sees Ms. Runkle
Where did Alice spend her Christmas Eve ? Alice 's old neighborhood church	"""Alice 's old house"
The main problem of the round - the - clock working system lies in disturbance daily life cycle workers change shifts frequently	'the fact that people working at night are often less effective
The best title of this passage might be SiTALY 'S Tasty Island Culture	'Sicily -- an Island of Italy
Which is NOT true about how to play the game ? There 's one word word brick .	"'You can play the game in groups of 4 .', ""You ca n't let others see your word brick ."
According to the passage , we can infer that communication trapped miners cut	'all the miners who were trapped underground were still alive
The cause of low educational level in America include the following EXCEPT that America pays attention economy instead education	'some problems exist in primary and secondary education
Which of the following is NOT true of weboholism ? It contributes development web .	'The chat room language may change social culture .
Why did police ask the media not to publish any photos of Dickson ? Worrying bad influences investigation .	'Not intending to give out any information about Dickson .
What can be inferred about the author of the text ? He / She quite experienced exercise walking .	'He / She once got his / her legs injured while walking carrying light dumb - bells .
"When the writer says that animals seem "" to be catching on "" , he means animals begin learn use eco - passages"	'animals begin to realize the danger on the road
What is the main idea of Para . 3 ? Useful services wildernesses reason exploitation .	'The exploitation is necessary for the poor people .
When the author walked through her parents ' house , she started think life	'was frightened that she had no idea what she wanted from life
What can be the best title for the text ? Delicious Sushi Its Origin	'How to Make Delicious Sushi
Which of the following is TRUE ? Any kid France one - day editor .	'The topic on the front page is decided by adult editors at last .
From the passage we can infer that the Pig Academy will provide geilivable help whoever attends course	'lead the youth to riches faster than the Fame Academy
As is indicated in the passage , Most parents require children top ones class .	'More and more parents have old fashioned ideas .
"What can we learn from the passage ? We wash hands water "" comfortable "" temperature ."	"""It 's necessary and useful for people to wash their hands frequently every day ."
On Friday morning students do n't have    Spanish	'biology
From Monday to Friday , many people accumulate sleep debt	'have no time to sleep
If a Harry Potter fan travels to Oxford , he 'll probably visit Christ Church College	'Merton College
What can we learn from the end of the story ? Dave hopeful catching lot fish .	'Dave wished the weather would be better .
Freud 's mother felt very happy on her 95th birthday because believed band playing birthday	'the King Josef himself came to celebrate her birthday
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Nash first Canadian winner MVP award .	'Nash is an American basketball player .
Sally Ride was regarded as a national hero because she became first American female space	'was the first American to travel to space
What is the article mainly about ? How Bruce Wayne develops superhero .	'How to overcome childhood fears .
The author mentions the example of crying baby in order to    tell different people react stress differently	'explain that stress is everywhere
This passage is mainly about premature preterm births throughout world	"""the causes of people 's bad health throughout the world"
The passage is mostly concerned with history three meals	'what people eat for breakfast
51 . The officer was strict soldiers , new old .	'because the soldiers were new .
In drilling through the ice in Antarctica , scientists have found that snowfalls kept certain patterns	'the depth of ice is 3
What can be the possible reason for Tokyo Disneyland 's boom ? The economic depression changed people 's plans spend money .	'It costs less money to play here than in any other theme park .
"The best title of this passage should be ""    Never Give Up"	'My Driving License
What prevents people from writing on is attempting edit write	'putting their ideas in raw form
"By saying "" To err is human "" , the author means that one perfect   everyone makes mistakes"	'human beings should try to avoid   making mistakes
"The author thinks "" marking between the lines "" is important "" reading lines """	"'more important than "" reading between the lines """
Gorge Washington borrowed a book from New York Society Library	'the Washington Public Library
Which of the following is TRUE about Sherian Huddleston ? She working hours worsening economy .	'She is a student of Middle Tennessee State University .
Who would pay for the cost of the reality TV shows according to the passage ? TV viewers telephone reality TV shows	'TV producers who make reality TV shows
With the help of the child 's identity , the criminals can do the following except straighten credit record	'obtain credits from various merchants and lenders
Which one of the following is NOT TRUE ' ? More people surf Internet ask help U .S .Government	"'President Barack Obama is trying to stimulate economy', ""The government 's measures may create more than 1 00.000 jobs"
How did the Englishman tell the waiter that he wanted some mushrooms ? He showed waiter picture mushroom .	'He drew a picture of a mushroom on the table .
The young person standing on the other side of the pond was girl	"""the old man 's son"
"According to the passage , we can know Wang Xiaoyue titled "" King Cooking "" competition"	"'only ten students were titled "" King of Cooking "" in this competition"
What worries Anny ? Her dad strict .	'Nobody picks her up after the party .
Some people think globalization is good because it may help stop wars among countries	'change local cultures
Which of the following is TRUE ? The workers friendly .	'The supermarket is far from my house .
We can conclude from the passage that making difficult choices may influence sharing behavior	"'parents will never find a way to get children to share toys', ""a gift should be given to make up for children 's sacrifice"
Which of the following might be the best title for the text ? The Unknown Truth ATM	'How to Operate on an ATM
What does Zhang Qian think of his host family ? It 's nice home .	'There are many people in the family .
The neighbor hates noise	"""Jim 's presents"
How does gum work to reduce stress according to the text ? It works reducing one 's level cortisol .	'It works by improving alertness .
The passage is mainly written to attract people make visit Hawaii	'tell differences between islands in Hawaii
In the modern western countries list people 's illness caused made worse bad eating habits	"""people wo n't want to pay more attention to their eating"
What is the text mainly about ? Volunteers amazing work	'How to become a volunteer
What was the major problem Sir Joseph Banks had transporting plants to his country ? The plants survive long journey .	'There were not good ships to carry the plants .
What is the best title for the passage ? Struggling Better Life Canada	'Improving Life Skills in Canada
What is most probably the writer 's purpose in writing the article ? To help solve universal problem stress	'To reduce her or his own anxiety
The research by Frans De Waal in 2003 showed animals pay attention inequity .	"""originated from Range 's research on dogs ."
According to the passage , the foreign ministry spokesman in Vienna had made sure Austrian board actually home	'two passports had been stolen by two Europeans
Which of the following can'tbe inferred from the passage ? Lara Croft : Tomb Raider Jolie 's first film .	"""Brad Pitt is likely to be Jolie 's third husband ."
The Snake Catchers catch snakes because n't want people hurt snakes	'they want to kill the snakes
Which is one of the procedures of the Argentine study ? The man different reactions food received .	"""One of the women did n't give the food to the man ."
According to researchers , teenagers with a bedroom TV may have all of the following problems EXCEPT easily becoming sad	'getting low grades at school
What is the critical factor of forming a fault ? The plate movements around rocks .	'The existing time span of the rocks .
Which of the following about the chemistry exam is TRUE ? It fact took hour finish chemisty exam	'The chemisty exam had more than one hundred questions .
Which of the following statements can prove that schools are safe ? Fatal shootings students less 1 % homicides .	'About 99 % of 15- to-19-year - olds are safe at school .
The passage is mainly about fact one million employees UK n't take annual leave	'a report about how the workers in UK take their holidays
We can infer that the rabbit already dead writer saw dog dragging	'was in the cage playing with the dog
What was the big event that happened in the 3-D printing industry last year ? The 3-D printer became affordable consumers .	'Over 600 3-D printed objects were on display in an exhibition .
Doctors started setting up home in Harley Street probably because Hasrley Street become populated area	'it was a poor part of London
Marion felt his body as if it was caught in a vice because could n't get mental pressure	"""he could n't earn enough money to support his family"
The passage mainly tells us that many famous writers lived nontraditional lives	'most famous writers were usually troublemakers
Dr. Cleiman did not explain in the passage people energy cycle different times	'how people can make their life fit their cycle
Which of the following places attracts the most visitors according to the passage ? The Louvre Museum .	'The Paris Opera .
Mark Brain 's story is mentioned in the passage in order to show the fact that people may express gratitude different approaches	"""the Indians did n't have any words for appreciation"
"What can be inferred from Greg Hunt 's words ? .Australia confident Reef not""in danger "" , ."	'.Much remains to be done for Australia to save the Reef .
What do you think of Zhang Wuben 's book ? It trashy    book .	'It is a book about health . Now it is the most popular science writing .
We can infer from the passage that final goal researchers design electronic dog detect cancer	'dogs can smell signs of other cancers except the above two kinds
Why did the lady complain about her seating ? Because n't want sit next black man .	"""Because she did n't want to sit in economy ."
Linda Waite 's studies support the idea that marriage help make ill health	'older men should quit smoking to stay healthy
What is the main idea of the passage ? Copenhagen planning build bicycle - friendly highways .	'Copenhagen is planning to build thoroughfares .
The author wrote the passage mainly to tell us choose perfect blanket	'the importance of blankets
This passage is mainly about oil pollution waters	'the amounts of poison in shell fish
"We know that the word "" cool "" has many different meanings"	'only one meaning
According to the article , what is NOT the advantage of being educated at home ? Students taught home go good universities .	'Home is a safer place for children .
Which of the following is TRUE about the old lady sitting next to the author ? Her daughters live far away home .	'She is too old to drive now .
What do Channel V and VIVA have in common ? They viewers one country	'They are music video channels in Asia
In the summer holidays , the library will have special hours weekends	'no special hours
From the passage , we can draw the conclusion that house features energy - efficient materials	'new and expensive materials are used to build the house
Why are the applicants encouraged to apply early ? There enough places courses - college accommodation .	'If they apply late 
"The best title of the passage is possibly Car Free Day pushes""green""transport"	"'Private cars are banned in cities', ""Residents ca n't do without cars"
Which of the following is right ? If read minds unconscious patients , wonderful .	'We have known the answer to why humans dream .
From the passage , we can infer that Babbage first designer modern computer	'Babbage failed to be a famous scientist at Cambridge
Low - frequency earthquakes occur when tides getting bigger gradually	'the sun and moon are in a straight line
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Students take roommate relations seriously .	"""Mei Qiyue 's roommates enjoy laughing at her "
"By saying that "" Being a waitress changed my life . "" the author means that experience working waitress worthwhile author"	'the author borrowed $ 50
Which of the following is TRUE ? Safeway listed New York Stock Exchange around 1928 .	'Tesco was founded four years earlier than Safeway .
What is the best title of the passage ? The importance nonverbal communication	'Nonverbal communication and first impression
What can we infer from the passage ? women wore rings thousands years earlier men .	'Men were looked upon by women for thousands years .
What can we know about the author ? He finally changed attitude towards stepfather .	"""He had no concern for his parents ' divorce ."
Why did Tracy choose to be a volunteer ? She wanted follow Mother Teresa 's example .	'She liked to work with Mother Teresa .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Preparations test skill mean acquisition skill .	'The teachers are curious about teaching to the test .
Which of these proves that man is changing ? Man growing taller past 500 years .	"'Man sees better than before .', ""Man 's hair has been getting thinner ."
Which of the following best reflects the author 's opinion ? We never careful volume level music .	'Improving technology can prevent hearing damage .
From the story we can know that forest doctor told animals wear clothes	"'the family had a good time with the bear', ""the animals did n't like the bear 's new look"
What is the text mainly about ? The course development computer keyboard .	'The process of making computer keyboards .
Which of the following is WRONG about the RO spiral module according to the passage ? Today 13,000 RO plants Persian Gulf , Israel , Australia China .	'This technology can be used in desalination plants to make sea water drinkable .
Why do many Venetians complain about the ads ? They feel ads damaging city .	"'The ads are usually racy and in an American style .', ""The ads do n't present a traditional view of Venice "
The passage is mostly about history breakfast	'what people eat for dinner
If you are just looking for a mild scenic river experience , which type of trip should you choose ? Float Trip .	'Half Day Trip .
What does the whole text mainly tell us ? We Are One chosen theme song 2014W0rldCup .	'The 2014 World Cup will open at the Arena de Sao Paulo on 12 June .
The best title for the passage would be 3D printer made near future	'Architects plan to build a 3D printed house
How do you make your friends know that you are calling for help but not making noise for fun ? Keeping shouting whistling three times together .	'Keep shouting or whistling or firing gun twice together
"What does the author mean by saying "" When mind looses its freedom to grow , creativity gets a full stop . "" When mind keeps growing , creativity fully stops ."	'When mind stops growing 
From the passage we can draw conclusion that textbook publishing houses develop electronic textbooks	'more students tend to use printed textbooks rather than electronic ones
If a bleeding wound is put under a tap , what should happen ? It bleed hard stop	'It will help the bleeding stop at once .
The author mentioned the occasion when almost all the staff were ill to show Nicky capable	'prove that Nicky was very healthy
In the Space Shuttle , visitors can know astronauts live space	'watch an amazing space show
We know that during the two weeks before Christmas , travelers Italy enjoy Italian culture	'many foreign people go to Rome for shopping
From the passage , we can learn that looking person frequently give / good impression .	'looking away during conversation should always be avoided .
the meaning of the wife 's words at the beginning of the passage were that past clear division role family .	'in the past men stayed at home all day .
The best title for the passage would be      . One Man 's Thought Anxiety	'The Right Amount of Anxiety
Which of the following is not true ? The boats departure time 9:15 a.m. year round .	'People can visit Ellis Island free of charge .
What can we learn from the passage ? Xiao Bao works seriously never gives dancing .	"'People have paid little attention to Xiao Bao .', ""Xiao Bao 's fans are not satisfied with his moves ."
What 's the best title for this passage ? Teenagers Drugs	'Drugs in Europe
It is implied but not stated that people understand blind people 's world better visiting dark restaurant	'only Internet daters like to eat in the dark restaurant
Which of the following is true of Speed Alert according to Michael Paine ? Speeding violations easily found .	'The system will excite some teenage drivers .
Emily Smith holds the view that chivalry quite good sure come back	'some massages can make men confused
The story is mainly written to tell us 's difficult make significant change weight	"""warn us it 's extremely harmful to reduce or gain our weight"
What will you choose to improve the skills of living in the wild ? Ethnobotany Walk .	'Short Cave Hike .
Which of the following is not true ? Mrs. Perry wanted test husband .	"""Mrs. Perry arrived at Mrs. Young 's before lunch ."
Some people take quick tours because like visit many places short time	'they travel by car .
What is the main idea of the passage ? All passengers shipwreck rescued heroic efforts special leader crew .	'The newman was very dangerous before Richard Etheridge and his team members saw the signal .
The main idea of this passage is that    smoking becoming bigger problem young people	'more and more people die because of smoking every year
According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true ? 2.6 percent healthy women depressed .	'Ten percent of women who were depressed had depressed partners .
Which of the following will Munafo and his group probably agree with ? Seeing smiles lower aggression .	'Just smile as much as possible .
The reason why teenagers always fight with their parents is that exists divide attitude towards studies life .	'the parent acts nothing like a parent in their daily life .
What can be inferred from the passage ? China 's traditional banking industry facing fierce Internet finance competition .	"""CMB 's mobile payment is going to enter a new chapter ."
Which statement do you think is right ? To Americans eating important .	"""All magazines always talk about Americans ' eating habits ."
What ca n't we do in the library ? Take books anytime	'Borrow books .
"What 's the passage mainly about ? Their successful film "" Mommy """	'Suzanne Clement and Xavier Dolan
When driving , learner drivers ca n't drive alone without accompanied person full license	'can drive by themselves on the roads with light traffic
Which of the following is not true ? All medicine price England .	"'If people lost their jobs ', "" they 'll get free prescriptions ."
Which of the following is the possible title of the passage ? How teach child money .	"""How to develop a child 's initiative ."
The police officer questioned the man because   . seen strange thing	'he thought he knew him
The author thinks that everything was bigger in childhood because     children curious eager life	"""things appeared really big in children 's eyes"
The author was in bad mood that morning because friends n't invited cinema	"'his father had a terrible accident', ""he could n't drive to the mall with his friends"
What can we learn from the article ? Without bees , foods would disappear diet .	'A large number of bees have died in the hive .
In the author 's opinion , older person , care needs	"""the human body ca n't be compared to a car"
What do we learn about the author ? He studied France term .	'He was good at French before arriving in Paris .
The passage is especially intended for parents young daughters	'girls who like reading fairy stories
What might be the best title for this passage ? Asking Good Questions While Doing Research	'Having Interesting Answers on Robots
"What can we learn from the text ? "" People likely turn ATMs banking service Fridays ."	"'Americans under the age of 18 are not allowed to have an ATM card .', ""Criminals usually choose unsafe locations to steal customers ' PINs ."
What can we learn from the text ? A chief firefighter earn US$ 90,840 year .	"'A cowboy must travel a lot to survive .', ""Flight attendants ' salaries start at around US$ 37"
"Which of the following statements is not right ? The battle Aids many Asian countries culture 
 social customs ."	'Though the HIV infection in Asia develops with low speed 
The author writes the passage to offer suggestions spend time retirement	'advise couples to develop their separate hobbies
What can we learn from the text ? The author 's friend dealt incident patiently happened .	"""The author 's old neighbor had a bad relationship with all his neighbors ."
What 's the text mainly about ?    What buy people go college .	'How to celebrate high school graduation .
What might be the main cause for the differences in awarding rates and evaluations ? The words used instructions forms .	"""The reviewers ' preference to applications ."
According to McArdle , which is most likely to have the drug abuse problem 18-year - old Juliet living single father .	'17-year - old Kate supervised by her single mother .
James would come back to buy what he wanted because assistant knew satisfy people came buy things	'the assistant who served James was very beautiful
It can be inferred from the passage that hospitals patient care improved	'nurses at BethIsraelHospitalare more patient
What would you probably like to ask about if you phone Ms Julia Brown after reading the brochure ? The deadline application .	'The activities the students will have .
What is the passage mainly about ? Humans birds share singing genes .	'Birds have different genes from humans .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Quitting smoking may help improve mental health .	'Smoking was associated with alcohol and drug problems .
Which of the following is TURE according to the test ? Matej Kus could speak little English accident .	'Matej Kus is now afraid of motorbike racing .
Which of the following is not right ? The breakfast , quickly 'll learn class	"'It is bad for your health to have no breakfast .', 'Too little for breakfast and too much for lunch may make you fatter .', ""If you do n't eat much for lunch and supper "
What 's special about the electronic newspaper compared with traditional ones ? People download read lots newspapers	'It looks like a table mat
Why are n't there so many plants , trees and flowers in Holland now ?    Because little conservation done	"""people there did n't need so many plants "
What can we learn about the RSSO ? Its work n't include free education street children .	'It provides jobs for the poorest children .
Which is the best title of this passage ? Beijing 's past present .	'Beijing is the capital of China .
What is the lesson we can learn from this passage ? Listening inattentively may cost loss success .	"""Do n't accuse others of not listening while talking with them ."
What is the best title of the passage ? La Nina May Be Partial Cause China 's Freeze - Up .	'La Nina and El Nino .
What is the text mainly about ? Ikea brought adjustable standing desk .	'Silicon Valley offered health benefits to officials .
What happened when the author was having his second heart attack ? He narrowly escaped death thanks grandfather .	'He realized what it was and shouted for help in time .
It is not easy to study the migrating behavior of the insects because flight long high ground	"'the little creatures can fly very fast', ""the wind 's direction is hard to forecast"
"The teacher knew it was Donald who cheated because wrote words "" Neither I """	"""his answers were the same as Brian 's"
It may be concluded from the passage that dying patients truthfully informed condition	"'dying patients are afraid of being told of the coming of death', ""most patients are unable to accept death until it ca n't be avoided"
The boy in the tree eating apples	'is looking at the apples
According to the passage , which of the following is right ? Victor would remember good things friend forever	"'Jay pushed Victor into the river .', ""Jay hit Victor because Victor did n't say anything on the way ."
The writer gives the following tips EXCEPT    travel English - speaking countries	'go to English corner
What was the Frozen Zoo started for ? Studying animals help survive .	'Studying the rhino cells .
What can we learn from the passage ? In way , Gyrotonics exercise comes yoga .	'Many Americans have improved their health through Gyrotonics .
The rent of the houses that International Students House offers is cheaper than others because students share bedrooms others	"""students need n't pay for heat and water"
Which of the following is the reason for developing hybrid cars ? They use less gas regular cars .	"""They 're safer to drive than most cars ."
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? The twoyear study showed using Net seemed cause bad feelings .	'Users anywhere on the Internet can log into any other machine .
""" I do n't know all these people "" means I know people"	"'I know none of these people', ""I do n't know any of these people"
It can be learned from the text that the movie Mamma Mial probably audiences screaming laughter	'has won Meryl a lot of awards
Which might be the best title of the report ? Britannica goes digital	'Britannica stops publishing
What 's the most important idea in Wright 's style ? Architectural design match natural surroundings .	'A building must have grassland around it .
Which of the following gives the writer a sense of mild victory ? She managed finish class without crying .	'Her talk about symbolism sounded convincing .
why did n't the writer agree to raise a dog at the beginning of the story ? It would business take care dog	'She was afraid the dog would get the family 
Why did the older angel let the farmer 's cow die ? Because wanted save farmer 's wife .	'Because God wanted the older angel to take the cow .
One of the biggest differences between young people and their parents lies in attitude towards paying money dinner	'the decreasing number of young women smoking
In the game , the birds controlled kill pigs birds run	'have different kinds that only include faster birds and slower birds
Which of the following is NOT true ? Zhang Zaiyu wrote least five letters brother last two years hoax .	"""The miscarriage of justice only came to light when Shen 's wife reappeared ."
The following statements are true EXCEPT Low frequency noise doubled Canadian coast every decade since 1960s .	'You can call the police if you are disturbed by a noise neighbor
Why do scientists feel it hard to made food on the plane taste good ? They ca n't deal special environment successfully .	"""The volunteers do n't know about food taste ."
According to the author , a good scientific research is a process hypotheses gradually tested finally approved	'where observations play more role than expectations do
Which of the following might Mark Tyrell agree to ? Now British people say sorry British class system .	'British people are sincere while saying sorry .
"By saying "" convenience is not in my vocabulary "" , the author means always ready help friend ."	'he hardly spares time to help his friend .
What is the text mainly about ? Ginger 's medicinal effects .	'The benefits of ginger ale .
The first time they meet , Holmes surprises Watson telling Afghanistan	'Holmes explains how he knows Watson has been to Afghanistan
Why should the odds and ends be made full use of ? Because often determine success failure .	'Because they can only be found by successful people .
"The best title for the passage should be ""   Sugar - could age"	'Sugar - it could reduce collagen
The Oreck Air Purifier has the same function with others in capturing germs	'destroying viruses 
Why can eating fish decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease ? Because fatty acids improve function blood vessels .	'Because the fatty acids keep blood pressure lower .
What is the main idea of this passage ? Choose activities children wisely .	"""Do n't be children 's drivers after school ."
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? Teachers get graded pupils	'Teachers are angry with website
The passage mainly tells us couch - potato means	'how to watch TV
"The best title for this passage would be ""   The mystery white gardenia"	'A romantic mother
Who in fact wrote the letter ? Eleanor .	'Joe .
The passage mainly tells us write Mother 's Day poem .	"""what to do on Mother 's Day ."
Why did Jason finally stop playing the game ? His father turned computer .	'He won the game .
We can learn from passage that Edmonton Folk Music Festival well organized .	"'people can get tickets easily for the festival .', ""driving one 's own car to the festival is highly recommended ."
What is the passage mainly about ? Laptops help improve students ' school performance .	'Middle schools are faced with challenges today .
Which of the following statements is true ? Jefferson amusing talker , good speaking public .	'Jefferson was not only very talented but also very handsome .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The bride - - fiance wait line parents .	"""If the boy 's parents are dead "
Which is NOT true of the program ? It boring students .	'It makes learning math more interesting .
Why were the students able to understand the novel Of Mice and Men ? Because similar life experiences .	'Because they spent much time reading it .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The three deaths happened day .	"""Hao Longbiao 's body was found on December 14"
Computer newspapers and magazines have all the advantages except that expensive traditional newspapers	'you can choose the kind of voice you like to hear
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The traffic jam , reasons solutions .	'Reasons why people want to buy cars .
The passage is written to    . inform people fair trade chocolate .	'give tips on how to undertake fair chocolate trade
"The day after Thanksgiving , the popular sale is the "" early bird special "" sale"	"'"" back - to - school "" sale"
From the text , we can conclude that anyone experience stress control	'if someone has stress he will do something wrong unavoidably
The author wishes to call our attention to the fact modern man polluted environment extent might destroy went like	'that there is no point in spending billions and billions of zilches to land a flying saucer on Earth
Jules Verne wrote his story of a man 's visit to the moon about 100 years Apollo II mission	'10 years before the Apollo II mission
We can learri from the passage that        certain procedures required proposals considered	'the Forum will last from 6 to 15 September 2012
What does Susan Newman mean ? Only children good peers .	'Only children are more selfish and spoiled .
From the passage , we can learn that young man prepared storm came	'at first the farmer understood his words well
What will happen if the sun turns into years of high activity according to the finding ? Burning hot weather appear United States .	'Canada and the Mediterranean will have milder weather .
What can we learn from the text ? Sean mother offered help time .	"""The policeman Sean 's mother called was in Finland ."
Which of the following might be the best title of the passage ? Which Better , School Study Home Study	'Who is to Blame 
What is the writer 's main purpose of writing this passage ? To promote book reducing stress .	'To find who are the most stressed - out teenagers .
From the passage we know animal parents love children lot	"'dogs like to swim across the river in a heavy rain .', ""mother birds do n't want to save their children"
In which two holidays can you take something home ? Cook 's Academy Film Making	"""Climbing Adventure and Cook 's Academy"
In the text , we are told that children receive quality education modern preschools	'students used to have various means of learning besides school texts
Nowadays teachers are encouraged to use non - traditional devices class	'pass all knowledge to their students
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Nowadays nearly one likes make pen friends .	'Animal friends can be with you whenever you need them .
Why did the writer mention buying shoes ? To use example show importance choosing happy .	'To offer advice on how to choose comfortable shoes .
What is true according to the passage ? Traffic accidents leads serious economic consequences .	'Malaria causes more deaths every year than traffic accidents .
What can we learn from the passage ? Even small show great strength .	"""When the cat 's away "
Which of the following best characterizes the main feature of the nursing system at Beth     Israel Hospital ? The doctor gets active professional support primary nurse .	'Each patient is taken care of by a primary nurse day and night .
Which of the following statements is NOT true about Guo Bing ? He started business help relatives .	'English is his major in the university .
Which is the best title for the passage ? How find real friend ?	'Afriend in need is a friend indeed .
When the post - office said that you could get a post - office , he meant may go post - office get mails	'you must wait to get the post - office box
"Which of the following is the proper definition of "" vaccine "" ? Substance containing virus used protecting people diseases ."	'virus used for fighting against disease .
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE of the advantages of handwriting ? Handwriting impress people well build one 's self - confidence .	"""Handwriting contains the writer 's emotion ."
We can learn from the text that cloning humans controversial issue	'the cloning of Dolly begins to raise the debate over cloning of humans
Which of the following NOT right according to the passage ? In seventeenth century , many visitors went America Europe Africa .	'Rock music developed mainly from the interaction of black African and white European music .
The author talks about friendship among children to explain true friendship	'how to make friends with children
The best title for the passage is High Tech State Art	'Computer Technology
From Schumer 's words we can learn that people informed facts reusable bags	"""reusable bags do little harm to kids ' health"
With his mother 's and some large companies ' support , man 's dream came true	'the man could produce ice cream
Wagner 's works were different from normal opera of his time NOT because drama , music singing combined	'the lights are off before starting a play
What 's the best title for the passage ? Could thunderbird actually exist ?	'A massive bird spotted in America
According to the passage , which of the following statement is TRUE ? Russia American military strike Syria .	'Russia thinks there was a chemical weapons attack in Syria .
Why did Michael cry at the end of the story ? There many white ribbons apple tree .	"""The young man could n't live with his family ."
The farmer asked the artist to give him a picture because wanted show son	"""he did n't want his money"
"What does the sentence "" That was why ! "" mean in Para.5 ? "" That reason one mouse helped escape hole ! """	"'"" That was just the reason why you think the two mice were emperor and minister ? """
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The origins most.commonly used slang words phrases .	'The most commonly used slang words in the world .
Which is the advantage for Macao 's economic development ? All .	'Macao is on the coast line .
This passage mainly tells us invented first car	"'how the first car was made', ""about Henry Ford 's family"
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Reading help kids lose weight .	'There are different ways to help overweight kids lose weight .
What do most college students fail to realize ? Sudden weight gain may lead serious health problems .	'Gaining some weight is normal .
Where did Columbus learn about the lunar eclipse ? From book .	'From the moon .
Which of the following is TRUE ? The daughter loved father .	'The daughter wasted the paper .
A red flag means that one swim	'it is dangerous for children to swim
When did Mr. Jackson open the other bag ? After lunch .	'Before the lunch .
When the writer got hurt in a car accident , chose live	'he loved the one people chose
Which statement is TRUE ? An opera singer breathes differently pop singer singing .	'A pop singer breathes more deeply than an opera singer when he or she sings .
This passage mainly shows us that experts hold different opinions email writing	'people should stop using email to communicate
The electric fork may benefit people who   . high blood pressure	'prefer food free of salt
What would the passage talk about if it continued ? What methods used deflect asteroid .	'An Egyptian myth about Apophis .
What can be inferred from the remark of the deputy Mayor Sun Zhe ? Every possible means carried save brave teacher .	"""It 's increasingly difficult to save the brave teacher ."
According to this passage , those people disagree with the control of carbon dioxide because     . want use fuels send carbon dioxide	'they think that carbon is beneficial for plant growth
The U.S. government could not understand that Wrights already built machine could fly	'experts still thought flight was impossible
What did the daughter do the next day ? She gave box father .	'She put some money in the box .
Which of the following is TRUE ? The rou jia mo history 2200 years .	"'The mo people eat today is baked in a clay oven .', ""The world 's first hamburger which was originated in the Shanxi Province of China is popular around the world ."
What would be the best title for this passage ? Better China 's Housing Security Supply System	"""Handle China 's Housing Issues and Policies"
We can learn from the passage that Packet five touch screens different usages .	'the Cobalto has been used in the phone market for ten years .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is true ? Maybe writer n't like thrillers .	'Not all the movies mentioned in the passage are showing at the moment .
"The phrase "" the individuals "" in Line 8 , Para 3 refers to students practice cheating"	'school administrators who approve of short - answer tests .
We learn from the passage that seriousness problems made known people community	'Mark always played an active part in community activities
According to the passage , the problems of college education partly arise from the fact that society provide enough jobs properly trained college graduates	'high school graduates do not fit the pattern of college education
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? In case Chinese government take part solving political problems far - lands .	'It remains unknown how many Chinese are living in Libya .
We can learn from the passage that money buy much	'paper money buys more than metal money
Why did n't Old Pete refuse the invitation from the Old Gentleman ? Because realized involved tradition .	"'Because he felt he had more room for food .', ""Because he felt moved by the Old Gentlemen 's generosity ."
What does the passage mainly talk about ? It 's unsafe store personal information computers .	"""It 's important to set passwords to your computer ."
From the text we can learn that New Orleans place jazz popular	'the American people are all jazz lovers
What does the author think of taking a training course ? It worthwhile going school college .	'It is not as worthwhile as staying at school full - time .
Compared with the previous year , the fall in student applications is 6.3 %	'3.9 %
"The title of the passage can be "" Crazy Jack Ma"	"""Alibaba 's First IPO"
If you want to use Windows2000,but your computer only has 64MB.What will you have to do ? Enlarge memory least 128 MB	'Change its RAM for at least 256 MB 
The best title of the passage is UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador	'Lang Lang and His Music
The passage is mainly talking about washing hair every day	'how to do hair care every day
Which of the following statements is CORRECT according to the passage ? Good fathers improve spend time children .	"""Good fathers attend their children 's school activities but never take them to their workplace ."
The main reason why clothes are sometimes very expensive is that clothes fashion	'one has to buy new clothes
According to the passage , in the year of 2030 people live cities .	'there will be 21 cities having a population of more than 10 million .
At the beginning of his organization , things n't go smoothly	'Fujiyama was supported by many friends
"The seventh - inning stretch is celebrated with the song "" Take Me Out to the Ball Game "" visiting team batted seventh inning"	'between the sixth and seventh innings
It is believed that some scribes thought    English word ended neither n v	'it important to add an e to every English word
In what way did Dr. Spence help Art Fry ? His invention special adhesive made Art 's invention possible .	'He advised 3 M Corporation to give away lots of Post - it Notes for trial use .
All the following questions are answered in the article except How Vogt react towards board 's vote ?	'How did vogt get interested in the polystyrene problem ?
Which is not true in the story ? The teacher often said much Linda .	'The teacher opened the world of books for Linda .
The fact that some American students ' blogs were stopped is used to show that people careful write	'people should not put their life online
In which countries does Halloween have its highest level of popularity ? Canada North America .	'Austria and Canada .
From the two examples , we know that job title one important factors advertisement	'nowadays 
By writing the passage , the author tries to draw public attention problem rats	'prevent the rats from growing up
Which of the following is NOT true ? The population Mexico City 30,000,000 .	'Mexico City is the capital of Mexico .
What does the school believe ? Children learn best want .	'Teachers can not teach children Well .
What allows the AeroMobil3 . 0 to be parked as a car ? Its petrol - powered engine folding wings .	'Its steel framework and folding wings .
We can infer from the passage that Mother care child felt gave ability see beauty even face adversity	"'the gardenia sender kept sending flowers to the author for 22 years .', 'the author showed little interest in her graduation prom', ""after the author 's father died "
Which of the following is NOT true ? Since one spoon less five drops , patient right soon takes one full spoon time .	"""The patient will be in danger if he 's taken as much as a full spoon ."
The author recommends wearing real pants because real pants present appropriate maturity	'leggings and baggy shirts are too common
according to the passage , the modern methods are understood by neither teachers pupils	'only a handful of teachers and pupils
What is the reason why the family moved to a new place ? His dad read newspaper accidents happened within 20 miles home .	'His sister had a baby 
Which of the following is true about the accident ? The truck driver drank beer .	"""The boy 's mother was injured ."
According to the passage , Bob affected family made achievements	'researched unmanned solar - powered airplanes for 10 years
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The little girl 's classmates willing help .	"""The teacher asked her students to read the little girl 's article by themselves ."
If you want to have a meal in your room , what will you do ? Put message outside room .	'Go to the hotel shop to buy some food .
Children who enter college today spent time watching TV spend college	'think life on TV is happier than their life at home
Which of the following is not mentioned as being up for bid at the auction ? A movie pass local cinema .	'A ticket to a restaurant .
Which of the following statements is not true according to the passage ? Because ne w findings , people think gaining extra weight .	'BMI is commonly used to measure body fat as a ratio of height to weight .
Where Are We Going , Dad ? is so popular because Chinese parents look kids	'it teaches fathers how to cook
If your foreign friends want to learn Chinese , you can suggest they go to No . 390 , Fuzhou Road	'No . 345 
From the story we can know Mrs Jones housewife , n't much money	"""Mr Jones does n't like his wife"
What can we infer from the passage ? In low mood one able sing well .	'Singing at Christmas is good for health .
Why did the writer give two different stories in this passage ? To help prove opinion raising child .	'To list different ways that parents may take .
The writer mainly tell us     running good way keep healthy	'how to run
According to the passage , why was the writer grateful to this salesman ? Because salesman gave writer sweet smile good service .	'Because the salesman recommended the cheapest computer .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Isaac Newton famous mathematician .	'Edmund Halley was an American scientist .
What can be the best title for the passage ? Power danger gene control	'Stop research on gene control
Socialization is the process in which one learns live society	'learns to act independently
The indoor air pollution is caused by man - made building materials limit air - flow	'the limit of the flow of air between inside and outside
If you want to get a job as a math teacher , send your resume to 19 South 8th St. NY . 13214	'237 Rockledge St. Syracuse 
Why was Wan Hu said to be the first astronaut in human history ? Because courage scientific experiment moon .	'Because a crater on the moon was named after his name .
According to the text , why will the food in the inner pot not go bad ? The temperature lower outside .	'Both of the pots are made of clay .
Why did some car companies buy and destroy   public transportation systems ? They wanted sell products .	'The system were slower than cars .
Allan would n't listen to the teachers class going	"""when he ca n't understand them"
What worries people who use mobile phones ? All right .	'Mobile phones will kill them .
When your child always talks about death or other morbid subjects , he or she may suicide risk .	'may have behavior problems
"What did Sally mean by saying "" Remember the duck "" in Para 3 ? She reminded brother slingshot ."	'She missed the duck very much .
According to the passage , to reduce negative people 's influence on us , we are advised communicate negative people little possible	"""to change negative people 's attitude to life"
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? To keep healthy , use laptop computers .	'When you use a laptop 
With an Apple Watch , you can reminded move around 've sitting long	'send a real - time display of your heartbeat to an iPhone
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ?    McDonald 's hamburgers fries among regular dinner options .	'Incidents happened to those who fly quite often .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Alex Taw rich .	'Alex Taw is an American millionaire .
Chris got the idea to make a trip around India on an elephant from photos elephant	'an elephant expert from India
From the passage , we can predict that Xing Hui Hao Hao well treated new home	"""Belgium 's Pairi Daiza Zoo will make much money soon"
Which probably is the best title for the passage ? Can Machines Think ?	'What Is Thinking ?
Scientists are fairly sure that , by the year 2050 , sea - level risen obviously	'there will have been a third World War
Which of the following will the author probably agree with ? Parents advised choose suitable websites chat rooms children .	"""Children should n't chat so much online ."
It 's clear that Grace went Margaret 's house Bertha .	"""Bertha went to work in Clarkman 's bookstore at last ."
What is this passage mainly about ? unfair treatment working women suffering business	'the differences between working men and women
Which of the following is WRONG according to the passage ? Songbirds vocal learning brain circuits human .	'The songbirds 
Burson added the database of Middle Eastern faces after the September 11 attack because wanted record people see	'she wanted to show people what terrorists look like
The discovery of these tombs will let scientists know Egypt 's ancient religions	'know the exact number of mummies in Egypt
What is the main topic of the passage ? A family artists .	'The life of Charles Willson Peale .
People do n't bother to date because takes much energy work	'it requires luck to build a strong relationship
What is the best title for the passage ? Bring healthier pizza Americans	'Pizza -- a real junk food !
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Having finished bathing , student pay .	"'Students buy the time of their showers .', ""The clock times the student 's bathing except when the bather pauses for soap ."
Medication can weaken smokers ' wish smoke	"""clear away the nicotine in smokers ' bodies"
What is the author 's main purpose in writing the article ? To fight common misunderstandings UK .	'To analyze what makes British people grumpy and negative .
Which of the following sentence in the passage is TRUE ? Some American students send e - mails class .	'All Chinese students do their homework every day .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? More teenagers starting smoking much older .	'Most of student smokers buy cigarettes themselves .
What can we infer from what Nick Smith said ? The Kermadec Ocean Sanctuary may affect New Zealand 's mining industry .	"'New Zealand should develop its marine industry in special areas .', ""New Zealand has n't figured out how to make full use of its ocean resources ."
It seems to be hard to associate Japan with poverty because children seen begging streets main cities Japan	"""its citizens never complain about the country 's economic decline"
We can infer from the passage that women leave shop alone	'women are romantic
The main idea of this passage is glaciers changed North America	'the ice Age was a long period of time .
At the end of the story , the greatest learned man made a conclusion that teacher chances face unknown knowledge	'a student should learn more from his teacher
The best title for this passage would be The Perfect Christmas Tree	'How to Choose a Christmas Tree
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Bob likes eating beef hamburgers breakfast .	"""Bill is Bob 's friend ."
In which grade did the turning point in writer 's life appear ? In Grade Five	'In Grade Two .
In the past , teens who wanted to buy glasses styles choose	'were unable to find the right glasses
Why are some restaurants turning up the pressure to sell bottled water ? Bottled water brings huge profits .	'Most diners find bottled water affordable .
Why could the girls ' team beat the boys ' in the football match ? Because girls played together better worked harder .	"""Because the boys ' team helped the girls with their training ."
What is the passage mainly about ? The lifestyle green collars .	'Differences between white - and - blue collars and green collars .
What 's the passage mainly about ? What feed hamsters .	'Where to keep hamsters .
The whales hit the side of the boat , and then brought lot water	'they broke the side of the boat
Which of the following would prevent most cases of food poisoning in the home ? Washing hands cleaning surfaces handling raw meat .	'Strictly following recipes and cooking meat long enough .
According to Professor Sato , tea - serving robot n't need reward service	'the robot serves tea much faster than a human being
"The coming "" Year of the Monkey "" is to be celebrated in New York by setting fireworks holding special lighting show"	'sailing on the Hudson River along with a new - year speech
According to the passage , Charlie Kemp author 's neighbor real good friend	"""Charlie Kemp is the author 's neighbor and his real good friend"
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Scientists Find New Substance Fight Mosquitoes	'Ethyl Pyruvate -- an Insect Behaviour Control Product
"What makes the scene so""impressive "" ? The huge number bats flying together ."	'The entrance of a deep 
What does the passage mainly discuss ? Children taught read early age .	'Children can read better than most adult students .
What can be the best title for the passage ? The key secret success ants	'The developed structure of ant colony
We can learn from the text that Gorillas mist based Fossey 's experiences	'Lowland gorillas live longer than mountain gorillas
We know from the passage that ocean waters are important to human life because they source fish people consume	'mirror the history of the mighty ocean
Which of the following is correct ? The Moneterey Bay Aquarium regarded best aquarium America .	'People were not interested in fish until the middle of the eighteen hundreds .
Which of the following is TRUE about Barry Levenson ? In way , shows much preference mustard .	'No spices but mustard can be found in his museum .
According to Michael Breus , Lacking sleep cause serious problems .	'Teenagers are too lazy to get up early for school .
The spokeswoman thought pilot	'the pilot did a funny thing
Which of the following sentences is true ?     The old man ' father n't owe young man money	"""The old man 's father had borrowed one million from the young man"
Which is NOT the purpose of the Marine Mammal Program ? To save lives people .	'To detect sea mines and swimmers .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? The writer 's father knows Anna deaf girl .	'Many students like Anna very much .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Make Peace Your Parents	'Learn to Respect Your Parents .
Why is it not possible for us to hold a really objective discourse on the subject ? Because difficult separate psychological cultural .	'Because the colors have the properties for generations .
According to the author , really good journalists are those who honest , independent free prejudice	'are crazy about the work like Chuck Tatum
The father is n't happy , because n't think son clever	"""his son does n't study hard"
What can be the best title for the passage ? High School Diploma Means Little	'Give Students More High - skill Jobs
What maybe talked about in the following part of the story ? Tabor 's second wife .	"""Tabor 's children ."
The main purpose of the author in writing this passage is to advise parents give using physical punishment	'talk about a ban on using physical punishment
The author tends to tell us that good eating habits may help students keep drugs	'drug abuse is a popular phenomenon
What can we know about the author ? He happy , although lived big house age 35 .	'He began drinking at the age of 17 .
According to the story , we can conclude that Marina concerned mother trying new wedding gowns	'finally picked out her favorite wedding gown herself after careful selection
Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? Words silent letters	'Traps in English words
On the whole the story is about deaf communicate	'teaching the deaf to speak
It can be concluded from Larry Rosen 's research that phantom vibrations could probably result obsessive behavior	'the use of smart phones has completely changed the way our minds work
What do you think the theme of the story is ? Love proper guidance help people look something negative positive way .	'People should have patience with children with life - threatening illnesses .
We learn from the passage that people take radio anywhere turn anytime	'television came out 50 years ago and it is useless now
The main idea of the passage is musical training important communication skills	'learning how to speak
According to Lynne Shaner , shopping online offer many benefits customers	'helps choose things she needs most
The passage is mainly about become early riser	'main schools of thought on sleep patterns
Why is Mr. Brown surprised ? Because children clothes	'all the children are boys
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? The person changed / schedule lunch .	'The person who helped you pack up your stuffed animals and old baseball cards .
From the dialogue between Paul and the boss , we can infer that boss disagreed Paul said	"'Paul hid his secret of success', ""Paul knew his boss was n't smart"
What can we learn about theNew England Courant ? It marks beginning American newspaper .	'It is mainly about the stock market .
Why does Johanna Hallen think the cashless society should be introduced slowly ? She believes 's easy older people get used .	'She worries that computer - related crime will increase .
This text is mainly about literature Victorian Era	'writing styles in the Victorian Era
Why did the families in Bangladesh make their children get married ? The families wanted end fight	'The families wanted to buy a farm .
"When Chad said "" I do n't really trust my friends ... "" , he meant that    might safe friends drove"	'he might run into his friends if he drove
Which of the following is NOT true ? The number women keeps growing years .	"'The population of China is still growing .', ""It 's difficult for us to control    the population in a few years ."
What can we learn about clout shooting ? Players shoot target lies .	'It is the oldest form of competitive archery .
What can be the best title for the text ? Music mind	'Music and health
Which is the best title for the passage ? Boarding schools UK	'Students work hard in the UK
The writer believes that    sacrifice soldiers always remembered	'Remembrance Day is becoming less important for soldiers
Which is probably true about eating black - eyed peas on New Year ? One pea brings one day luck .	'Black - eyed peas taste bad .
Which of the following statements is true ? Seat belts first used airplanes applied vehicles .	'Airbags 
How can drinking green tea help one lose weight ? By making one feel less hungry .	'There is no fat in green tea .
What can we infer about the signboard ? It aimed making library last long .	'It was made by a user of the library .
What is the passage mainly about ? The feasibility    sustainable management environmental protection .	"""Different people 's attitudes towards sustainable management ."
We shall destroy ourselves if we go on polluting earth , air water around us	'helping to conserve tigers 
The group of 15 Nepali artists created works art using rubbish Qomolangma	"'were employed by the Everest Peakeers Association', 'climbed Qomolangma and collected 1.5 tons of trash', ""painted 74 beautiful pictures of Mount Qomolangma 's peak"
Lisa did n't help Eve review for the physics exam because look sick father	'she herself was quite bad at physics
What 's the best title of this passage ? God 's Coffee .	'Drink Coffee .
The passage leads us to believe that 1890 people n't eat three meals day	'our custom of meals is based on English custom
The passage implies that saving water good economy environment	'water meters are welcome by British people
From the passage , we know in the U.S The purpose two special days show love parents	"""one should wear a red carnation if one 's mother pass away"
According to the passage , to cut down on the coyote population , people are advised to leave pet food secured	'keep coyotes in small regions
When Dr. Gwaltney gives a reply in the end of the passage , he means that made much progress dealing colds	'they have found the fundamental cause of colds
Which of the following is true according to the text ? The woman 's husband died heart attack	'The woman liked to chat with her friends by e - mail
Xing Pu 's ideas of giving red packets to every Chinese citizen mainly came from US Singapore governments offering cash handouts citizens	"'children receiving red packets from their families', ""the government 's increasing spending on public health care"
The old lady plane first time	'had been in a plane before
From Para . 5 we can know process recycling urine	'the theory behind the recycling system
Which of the following is NOT one of his final wishes ? London made host 2012 .	'Rogge replaced Samaranch to be IOC president .
Which painting appeared first ? The figurative painting .	'Western painting .
For a healthier life , the author 's suggestion is to eat less heavily salted food	'cut back on food with less salt
The purpose of writing the passage is introduce books readers	"'teach students how to learn idioms', ""increase students ' knowledge about idioms"
Which of the following statements would probably be the best title of the passage ? Are women cats suicide risk ?	'Why are women more likely to commit suicide ?
The farmer did n't tell the city man the way to the next town because The city man asked question rudely	"""the farmer did n't know the way "
What can we learn from the text ? The researchers continue experiments .	'The researchers have found a clear answer .
It can be inferred from the text that whales might inntate human voice	'whales and dolphins like helping humans
According to the author , it is better to build wooden greenhouse	'a metal greenhouse
From the passage we can learn that Machu Picchu gone lots earthquakes	'all of the mysteries of Machu Picchu have been solved
What 's the purpose of the documentary Rightfooted ? To inspire young people disabilities	"""To tell the story of Cox 's life and her desire"
We can infer from the text that The combination big companies may possibly lead trust .	"""All Gillette 's thirty - two factories are in fourteen countries"
The supermarket assistant refused to serve the woman mainly because woman ignored respect manners focusing phone	'the woman buried her face in the mobile phone screen for a very long time
The scientist did some experiments to test children 's self - control later success	"""test children 's intelligence of ringing the bell"
What is the main idea of the passage ? Several top heritage destinations India .	'India has rich cultural heritage in the world .
If China enters an aging society , enough labor resources	'the family planning policy will be ended
How does the vaccine treat fatal cancers ? It employs power immune system fight cancerous cells .	'It deprives a protein called MUC1 of its sugar .
What can we learn from the text ? Sometimes storm chasers get nothing disappointment	'Many storm chasers get killed in the storms
The author went to sit beside Valeri because empty seats left	"'Valeri invited her to sit ther', ""Valeri 's book drew her attention"
According to the passage , we know That Gwyneth Paltrow 's full life made Redelmeier decide study .	"'When Katharine Hepburn was 94 ', ' she knew her long life had something to do with her 4 Oscar prizes', ""In general the number of Oscar prizes has nothing to do with a person 's life expectancy ."
Which of the following can be a disadvantage of releasing the source - code ? It bring self - created competition .	"""It can defeat Microsoft 's ambitions in this market ."
The writer mainly wants to tell us functions mobile phone developed improved drastically	'navigation apps such as Google Maps were popular
Which is the right order of the travel route given in the passage ? Union Square -- Fisherman 's Wharf -- Golden Gate Bridge -- Tiberon -- prison Alcatraz -- Sanalito .	"""Union Square -- the Golden Gate Bridge -- Tiberon -- prison of Alcatraz -- Sanalito-- \n Fisherman 's Wharf ."
Li Yulin learned from his experience that helping people giving really need	'the old want people to give them money
In the south , one effect to the development of the oil industry might be reduction number existing industries	'a growth in the tourist industry
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The author - father narrow escape .	'The author - s father didn - t have to work that day .
As a volunteer for this Thanksgiving dinner , you can help make arrangements event	'contact Julie to make sure of the quality of food
We can infer from the novels that    The Moor 's Account indeed talks journey heart	'Sissie wins a world travel scholarship
The experiment showed that the smaller fish went diet willingly	'preferred some extra food
The author seems to agree with the view that possible newspapers may survive end	'journalism is a job offering highest pay for high demands
A clever student usually likes asking questions	'answering questions
From this article , we can see that London includes City , 32 boroughs units .	'is made up of the City 
When Katherine 's husband was the warden at Sing Sing Prison , she did the following things EXCEPT writing prisoner	'encouraging the prisoners
Those who enter Young Cuts Film Festival can know whether possible films go market	'have their films sold at the film market
From the passage , we know that many bags name company made	'all the advertisements around us are written in English
Which of the following proverbs best displays the author 's final thought ? Every man hobby - horse .	'If a thing is worth doing 
The title of the passage implies that exercise keeps brain strong .	'only smart people do exercise .
According to the passage , we know that experience building straw houses	'the house made of straw bales is the same as the traditional one
We can learn from the passage that New Education makes efforts establish environment diversity	'personal training is mainly for students 
Geneva Tourist Guide provides tourists with all the following help except help tourists make friends Geneva locals	"""to discover what 's on and places to visit in Geneva"
What can be the best title of the passage ? Trains Crashed Causing Deaths Damage .	"""Terrible Weather Leading to Trains ' Collision ."
From the passage we can learn that much greed   harmful	'we should protect the snake
"The most suitable title for this passage is ""     Absorption water plants"	'Rootless plants in America
Parenting experts are worried that parents rewarding kids improperly	"""today 's children are fed up with material things"
Who teaches Bob three words ? Bob 's teacher	"""Bob 's father"
What did the juggler do to catch the monkey ? He put peanuts jars narrow necks .	'He used a rope to tie the monkey .
The voucher mentioned in the passage ca n't used pay taxes	'includes shipping fees
What is the function of the story told at the beginning of the passage ? To illustrate possible situation pet meets new baby .	'To introduce the terrible pets when a mother gets a baby home .
Some people still choose to watch these movies in a cinema because movies inspire people live healthily make keep laughing happy .	'they think they are worth the money .
By using VPN , users can save browsing tracked	'find their lost phones on the Internet
It is suggested from the passage that state individuals make efforts keep Asian carp	'aquaculture operations are dangerous to the water bodies
Which of the following sentences is TRUE ? Girls ' intelligence boys ' .	"""Boys may not do as well in their study as girls because they do n't like studying ."
Which is the most suitable place for those who want to go square dancing in the morning ? Temple Heaven	'Summer Palace
Which of the Days is said to come from a Chinese festival ? Boy 's Day	"""International Children 's Day"
"Who did the first American "" diner "" serve ? Late - night workers ."	'People who were rich .
What can be inferred from the story ? The hunting trip much longer expected .	"""It 's an easy job to walk 40 km in the desert ."
When they are in the town , they    lunch	'go to the cinema
The passage can best be described as life story famous woman	'a description of the nursing work
ReCycle Bikes has formed a partnership with Sheffield University because students Sheffield University potential customers	'Sheffield University donates a lot of money to ReCycle Bikes
According to Wansink , which of the following affects the amount of wine we drink : shape wineglasses	'the taste of wine
If students want to be admitted to the seven prestigious universities , they can either take national exam take independent exam .	'only take the national exam .
The main reason for most people to collect phone cards is that find cards beautiful easy keep	'they want to make money with cards
What can we learn from the passage ? Hero helpful family .	'Hero can telephone her owners for help .
From the passage , we can learn Miss Jerry loving careful teacher	"""Peter 's parents cared about him very much"
What can we infer from the last sentence of this text ? At last Ian stopped robbing .	'Ian left his family and home sadly .
Which of the following is NOT mentioned as benefit from enough sleep ? Students likely time school .	'Students will enjoy a better life .
Which kind of sun - cooker costs very little ? panel cooker	'a box cooker
The best title of the passage can be Can Curriculum Go Without Music ?	'Who Killed Music and Drama ?
Which of the following statements    is NOT true ? All people world enough food eat .	'Every day 
The study conducted by researchers aimed at learning about    negative effects sugar people 's health	'the advantages and disadvantages of sugar
Which of the following is TRUE according to Vohs ? People high self - esteem tend selfish .	"""Feeling good does n't mean you lead a happy life ."
Your phone is powered off and the Reception desk is busy . The quickest way to make an urgent call is to use one phones entrance hall	'go to your room and phone from there .
"What does the author mean by saying that "" a strong scientific spirit is basic to the economy , educational system and society "" ? School society encourage young people become professional scientists ."	'A scientifically educated public is basic to the economy 
When the author first visited Port Cros , visitors	'it took them a whole day to walk to Port - Man
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Eskimos like chase one another .	'Eskimos do not usually eat wolves .
According to the passage , coyotes teaching survival skills younger generations	'originally lived in the west of the continent
To avoid dog bites , a child should be taught to leave dog feeding	'approach an unfamiliar dog
The selling of his paintings is considered to be the most successful because people like paintings	'people can understand him through his paintings
The editor thinks children honest try make parents understand	"'children should play computer games secretly', ""playing computer games can be very helpful to children 's studies"
We may know from this passage that Audrey Hepburn famous film star	'Ray - Ban is the name of sunglasses maker
How can people use the book ? People use colour pens paint .	'People can read it easily .
Why did the grandson refuse the old man 's request ? Because n't want take trouble	"""Because he did n't know how to fish ."
What makes the jobs of ichthyologists so varied ? They work fields well laboratories .	'They study fish habits and collect information .
According to the opinion of China 's Ambassador Ma , Australians welcome variety cultures	'Chinese refuse to accept culture in diversity
"Why do the children want "" latest things "" so much ? They want keep children ."	"'"" Latest things "" are fun to play with ."
"What does it mean when people say , "" It 's raining cats and dogs "" ? It 's raining heavily ."	'Cats and dogs are falling from the sky .
Which two hotels offer a mobile app for customers to check in ? Marriott Detroit Airport Radisson : LaCrosse .	'Yotel New York and Marriott Detroit Airport .
What does the passage tell us ? Sleeping positions show people 's secret personalities .	'Sleeping on your side is the best way of sleeping .
To feel positive about learning English means believe learn , learn	'if you are patient 
According to the advertisement , a six - yuan ticket is for Russian concert	'Korean songs
Which one is TRUE according to the passage ? The Olympic Games much religion .	'Zeus is the founder of the Olympic Games .
When the writer and her children went to the grocery store , they saw a little girl asking mother box Smarties	'her mother for a nice toy
According to the passage , if we meet an unfair situation , we 'd better state complaints politely	'use indirect language to hurt people
What does Mrs Tom do with the fish ? She asks friends come eat fish	'She eats the fish before Tom comes back
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The number 13 thought unlucky Westerners .	'People from Pakistan like to send handkerchiefs as gifts .
All of the following are true EXCEPT that William Bartram first person visit Paynes Prairie	'Paynes Prairie has changed little through time
How does the body keep the same temperature all the time ? It balances heat gets loses .	'It is always producing heat from food .
"What is the purpose of the passage ? To tell "" high tech "" "" state art "" ."	"'To tell how "" high tech "" and "" state of the art "" have developed ."
What is the finding of the Global Humanitarian Forum ? Rates death illnesses risen due global warming .	'Global temperatures affect the rate of economic development .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Tim outgoing Sam .	'Tim is ten minutes older than Sam .
What is mainly talked about in the passage ? China held military parade Beijing .	"'China decided to cut its military forces .', ""World leaders attended China 's military parade ."
We can infer from the text that Maria Nickel thinks Chris Hadfield sets good example students	"""thinks it 's cool to live in the ISS"
What is the best title of this passage ? Love : Thread Quilt	'Love Is Everywhere
Which of the following is true according to the text ? Jobs started career family garage .	"""Jobs 's parents discouraged him from working on electronics"
The passage mainly talks about genetically modified foods	"""the world 's food problem"
According to the passage which of the following statements is TRUE ? Workers must dry roast beans remove bitter taste .	'Nobody had the idea of adding sugar until the sixteenth century .
What does the study in the Journal of Happiness Studies find ? Americans get happiness work Europeans .	'Americans believe happiness is the most important thing .
Which of the following is true about the new invention ? The device produce 9V 18V energy .	'We can buy solar panel for around $ 32 using hair as a replacement in the market .
1n the course of the Great PJague , it was a common practice to keep dead bodies church buildings	'burn piles of rotting garbage in the streets
What is the best title of this passage ? The food shortage around world	'The food production of the world
Which is true according to the passage ? It king made Romulus Remus orphans .	"""The boys did n't grow well for lack of food ."
What do we know about the paper airplane Arturo built ? It flew 75 feet	'It flew the highest
Which of the following is NOT related to the potentially troubling sign ? Some dolphins frolicking marshes .	'The usual habitat of deep - water animals is badly polluted .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? Rules freedom similarly important .	'Rules are difficult to make for parents .
Which of the following statements will Dale not agree with about Mindsets LLC 's workshop ? It helped find successful candidates .	'It helped him discover his personal bias about gender .
Amazon . com gives no discount on Train Somewhere	"'Diary of a Do - It - Yourself Book', ""Chinese Children 's Favorite Stories"
It can be inferred form the passage that polite attitude help find way	'it is impossible to get a job at the first interview
Peter likes this afternoon because classes easy interesting	'he likes art and P.E. classes
What can we know about Morelli from the passage ? She stayed city 5 years .	"""She was murdered in Camara 's home ."
The passage is mainly about girl research cancer treatment	'a research on cancer drugs
Soon after Sarah got her new job as a stunt person , asked act Superman IV	'an earthquake took place near the Great Wall
What does Stephen Wolfram think about the result of the research ? People 's interests change greatly age .	"""People 's interests are different from each other ."
From the passage , we can know content includes learned many subjects	'the content does not come from trusted sources
When asked to deal with a problem , men tend take action straight	'women tend to take action straight
The chief purpose of this selection is supply information might useful	'to argue that women are superior to men
What can we know about Charles Dickens ? He felt confused working factory .	'He worked in the factory for many years .
The main idea of the news report is to tell us aims China develop aircraft carrier program	'where and how China will build an aircraft carrier
What did the headmaster tell the two teachers on the next day ? Her mother dead .	'Her mother had gotten better .
Which of the following festivals has the longest history ? Hope Watermelon Festival	'Oyster Festival
What can we learn from what Steve Appel said ? Nick Vujicic serious marriage .	'Nick Vujicic is not popular with women .
The library fine view park river	'is where great men and fine ladies took tea
Which of the following statements would the writer agree to ? Parents talk children frequently .	'It is important to have the right food for children .
"The best title for this passage is ""   Weather Influences Health , Intelligence Feelings"	'Hot Weather Causes Health Problems
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? The selection number permanent night shift workers proved best solution problems round - the- clock working system .	"""Body temperature may serve as an indication of a worker 's performance ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? Huangwei Yu 110 kilometers northeast Diaoyu Dao .	'Diaoyu Dao has more than 8 islands .
What would be the best title for the passage ? A pet Life , Not Christmas .	'Dogs and Cats -- the Most Popular Christmas Gifts .
What can we conclude from the article ? The lesson employees learned would influence greatly .	"'The employees went to the gym to join the funeral .', ""The employees ' lives depended on the attitude of their boss ."
"Which of the following is NOT supported by the passage ? The parents "" single - child "" generation care study education ."	"'The majority of the "" double single - child couples "" in China depend much on their parents .', ""One - fifth of the couples surveyed did n't get married until dating for five years ."
From the passage we can learn it is necessary for a cook taste recipe know 's right	'to make up to 3
In the study the participants were required to rate one 's attractiveness photos knowing personality	'try to prove positive characters make people more attractive
We know from the passage that author failed stick worn wing onto butterfly spit	'there were one hundred butterflies living in the bushes
The best title of this passage is Baby teeth cared birth	'Breast milk and fluoride are important
.What is the passage 's main idea ? Reading skills books like novels , plays	"""Guess words ' meanings according to context ."
The reason why Wan Jingang was given such a high honor is that lost life protecting people hurt rioters	'he was an excellent officer in the Armed Police .
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Children 's birthday parties put parents financial pressure UK .	"""Many parents are willing to spend more on their children 's birthday parties ."
Which of the following is true ? Each Smiths got license .	'Everyone except Mrs. Smith could drive the car .
Which of the flowing is true ? In USA , school bus taxis often yellow .	'Red symbolizes the sun in most countries .
The passage says that President Polk wanted US expand borders Pacific Ocean	'Mexico to change its Independence Day to July 4th
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Inequality persists whites blacks financial gains .	'The US is a land where brains 
What finally happened to Alan ? He died .	'He was moved to another room .
Both Bilash and Prokhorova stress the importance of protecting languages cultures extinction .	'mastering more than one foreign language .
From the article , it can be concluded that theory general relativity mainly space time	'the theory of general relativity proves that the speed of light is the fastest of all speeds
"Which of the following statements is TRUE , according to the passage ? Farmer Joe say "" I 'm fine "" scene accident ."	'Farmer Joe tried to cover the fact in the court but no one would believe him .
"Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? Illiberal Education "" The Heart Matter """	"""The AAAS 's Contribution to Liberal Education"
The author 's roommate offered to help him because thought chance make money	'he knew the doctor was a very good one
The passage mainly talks about help unpopular child	'why some children are unpopular
Talking with strangers , men speak lot opinions accepted	'women are more talkative than with people they know
Which can be the best title of this text ? compassion great man	'look into your eyes
"What does the writer mean by saying "" old - fashioned "" ? The new playground offers fashion popular past ."	'The so - called new playground is out of date .
The young man was offered the job because heard telegraph message understood	'he was young
This passage mainly gives brief history Bastille	'tells how the prisoners were controlled by the King
"What do we learn about Justin Bieber 's "" One Time""according to the text ? It attracted world 's attention released ."	'It successfully entered the Top Ten Charts in seven countries .
We can infer from this passage that Maria girl strong	'girls usually attended private primary schools
Mr. Smith is very glad that runs faster thief	'he runs very fast
We can infer that La Nuit Francaise may French words	"'Marco V is a newly established band', 'the "" worst "" party will attract a lot of college students', ""you will enjoy free drink at April fool 's party"
When your eyes travel across the lines of words ,    need read several words time	'you need to read the words out
According to the passage , which of the following is not true . The World Wide Web allows us communicate people .	'Tim Berners - Lee developed the World Wide Web .
"Why does it say,""At first , it is not easy to feel these things ? "" People used things ."	'The things are used by people 
Which one is right ? We want healthy .	'Everyone is healthy .
The main idea of this article is that girls longer closely guarded .	'a girl should not become a mother before being married .
Those who take part in the reality TV shows are usually common people	'pop TV stars
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Young monarch butterflies fly back Mexico hatch .	'Some animals make the amazing journey once in a lifetime .
What is the main difference between foreign festivals and traditional Chinese ones ? Foreign festivals romantic traditional Chinese ones connected reality	"""Foreign festivals can make Chinese shop owners ' pockets full quickly ."
The main idea of the passage is Hainan good place go holidays fun	'The weather is fine in Hainan
It 's impolite for a student when he / she gets school late	'comes into the classroom quietly
""" a nation on wheels "" means     cars play important role people 's life"	'the nation is producing the best cars in the world
"What does the word "" that "" mean ? The thing son usually plays basketball late school ."	"'The thing that their home is far from school .', ""The thing that their home is n't far from school ."
What ' s TRUE about Tan ' s second book ? It result many times carefull thought .	"""It ' s about her real life in America ."
While taking long - distance buses , you can learn something place 're visiting	'know more about the bus schedules
Which of the following statement is NOT TRUE ? In football match , one person use hands .	"'The volleyball net is 2.44 m high for men .', ""The basketball team will score when they the ball into the other team 's basket ."
"Why does Yang Xin get his nickname "" garbage cleaner at the source of the Yangtze River "" ? Because devoted care Yangtze River ."	'Because he is a founder of the Yangtze River .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Summer cruises expensive busy season .	'The Prescott Park Arts Festival lasts for a month every year .
What the author mainly intends to tell us is that one 's sleeping position something one 's character .	'everyone has got both real and secret personalities .
Which of the following statements is true , according to the passage ? Palm civets somehow know right time coffee fruit ripens .	'Little palm civets eat only the outer layer of the coffee cherries .
What is the passage mainly about ? An introduction Susan Sontag watchword	'A lifelong watchword : seriousness
Which of the following statements about Lang is true ? He trying export Chinese music western countries .	'He has 36 million Chinese students in China .
After reading the story what can we infer about the hospital ?     It strict rules visiting hours .	"""The nurses and doctors there do n't work hard ."
It can be inferred from the text that unemployed receive help may still among homeless	'the homeless are willing to live under a bridge or in a cardboard box
Where are insects or snakes after the ants pass by ? Ants kill eat .	'They go to other places before the ants come .
How did the father react to his son 's explanation ? He angry bringing boy properly .	'He was very angry with his son for lying to him .
Why does it take both parents to raise a child ? Both parents need consider children different needs different ages .	'A child feels safer with both parents .
By making a plan , the author mean organizing time finishing urgent things first	'working on only one or two things each day
What can we learn from this passage ? Perseverance helps make top player .	'Family plays an important role in shaping world - rank players .
The information gap in energy use bridged feedback facilities	"'affects the study on energy monitors', 'brings about problems for smart meters', ""will be caused by building users ' old habits"
What would be the best title   of the passage ? A high school beat MIT	'A special machine
What can we learn from Mason 's joke ? Rats show care help humans reflect .	"""We do n't like rats because they are mean and selfish animals ."
Based on the passage , one of the reasons why the elderly are at special risk of suffering from hypothermia is that ability keep normal internal body temperature good	"'they like exercising outside in cold mornings', ""they ca n't notice cold conditions if they are not told"
We can learn from the passage that air pollution serious scientists thought	'the control of air pollution is effective in some cities
It can be inferred that building Dog Bark Park Inn B&B like dog	'it is the same man who designed the four hotels
One of the important issues in the story is The battle balance public health healthy economy	'The dangers of emergency rooms that create health problem downwind .
Which of the following can be chosen as the best title of the passage ? Something Crazes	'Wham - O products
Which of the following is true ? Different manners different countries .	'In different countries 
At the age of twelve , Sally Ride persuaded taking tennis training	'was interested in playing tennis
Some birds can learn to say words , n't really know meaning	'and they use grammar 
What impressed Rafael Nadal the most about Conner Stroud ? His happiness playing tennis .	'His desire to win the match .
What might William be according to the passage ? A car expert giving advice people online .	'A future car buyer .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Earhart declared dead authorities two years later .	'The bodies of Flight 447 had all been found after three years .
Many tourists prefer to travel to and explore because culture greatly influenced history	'modern India has little to study
What 's the text mainly about ? A new date change Samoa .	'The change of international dateline .
The findings of the researchers tell us that robots degree replace dogs companions old people	'robots are better at caring for old people than nurses
What is the intention of using the larger words in the book ? To help challenge children 's reading skills .	'To add to the difficulty while children are reading .
What would be the best title of the text ? Smart phones make kids learn .	'The popularity of smart phones among kids
What did John Mulcahy do in order to improve communication with a disabled child in his class ? He asked child 's mother help .	'He set up a charity group .
Which is not true   ? My mother good English teacher .	'There are some red and yellow flowers in the garden .
The experiment mentioned in this passage was designed to increase amount honey Brazil	'make African bees less active
The best title for the passage may be Chewing Gum Health	'Gum Chewing is a Magic Bullet
We can know from this passage that tea popular many countries	'tea bag was invented by a merchant
The best title of the passage is One man 's mission help keep traditional custom alive	'How people observe TombSweeping Day
It may be concluded from this passage that body language helpful us communicate	'different cultures share different nonverbal behaviours
Human beings should care about the environment because help make world good living place	"'if we make the earth unlivable ', "" we 'll have to live in space"
We can infer from the passage that In movie 2012 big arks built secretly inside mountains	"""Time and time again people spread rumors about the world 's end for one reason or another ."
"By saying "" It 's become a popular tourist trip "" , the writer actually means that climbing Mount Everest already lost true meaning"	"""it 's impossible to climb up Mountain Everest without help"
We can learn from the passage that Christine 's athletic performance stood race	"""Christine 's two sisters were killed in the accident"
What was the difference between the four groups in the experiment ? Diet .	'Gender 
What is the best title    of the passage ? Green house future .	'How to build green houses .
At the start of the junior year , the author decided to study for the SAT eager get advantage others competition	'to overcome the pressure from other high school students
Why does warm water freeze first in the same freezing weather ? Because warm water turns vapor , amount   becomes less cold water .	'Because warm water is lighter than cold water .
Jake 's parents did n't know that he was missing until reached foot mountain	'Jake contacted them on the phone
Which of the following is Not true according to the passage ? After final exams , school children stay school extra classes .	'The summer holidays is a good time to go out for a trip .
Which of the following might be the best title of the passage ? Watch Your Credit Cards !	'The ABC of Credit Cards .
Why was Michael asked to watch for the apple tree ? The young man afraid refused family .	"""The young man 's seat was far from the window ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? Sunflower oil may lead skin infections .	'Sunflower oil can weaken dark spots .
What 's the title of the passage ? An unforgettable April Fool 's Day	"""April Fool 's Day"
California sea lions slow down their heart rate in order to stay water longer time	'swim faster at sea
Which of the following will be the best heading for News Item 3 ? Match girls	'Women married to Hong Kong
Which of the following is True about NFTE ? One aims train students business managers .	'It offers financial help to all students .
What 's the main idea of the text ? Robot used round cows hit farmers .	'A team at Sydney University developed a robot .
Why did cities begin to spend more money on public transportation in the late 1960s ? To change people 's way traveling .	'To build a new transportation system .
When people talk about two groups of people , they mean those that like warm colours like cool colours	'are yellow 
Which of the following sentences is true ? A French philosopher wrote apple tree story book .	"'Newton himself wrote a letter about the story of the apple tree .', ""Newton 's family owes Woolsthorpe Manor and tells the story ."
When Peterson began her teaching career , school lacked teaching facilities music .	'music was focus of learning in most schools .
Which case among those mentioned in the passage is still a mystery ? Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum thirteen paintings case	'Mona Lisa case
"What does the title "" Surrounded by Brothers "" suggest ? The author experienced brotherly affection raising sons ."	'The author often plays with his sons whenever he has time .
What do we know about e - cigarettes from the passage ? Most people buy Internet .	'They are a good choice as there is no nicotine .
"What did the man mean by saying "" I can sleep when the wind blows . "" ? He would get everything done wind blew ."	'He needed much sleep after working hard on the farm .
Sam writes to the editors in order to discuss whether horses badly treated	'ask how to keep horses in changeable weathers .
What is the scientists ' new discovery ? A person 's hair may show lived .	"""One 's hair growth has to do with the amount of water and drink ."
If you are planning to explore the ocean depths , you should attend your lessons at Monday Friday : 6 : 30 p.m.- 8 : 30 p.m.	'24 hour from Monday to Sunday
If you want to live longer , you should exercise regularly keep heart healthy	'enable your heart to beat much faster
Students in immersion programs can do the following things EXCEPT hearing native language	'talking to one another in the new language
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The older get , less sleep need .	"""We will die soon if we do n't sleep well ."
The example of sound and color1 is used mainly to show that 3D technology takes time accepted	'Hollywood struggles with every new technology
We may conclude that the author believes people should regard children equal understanding inner peace	'play with the children with enthusiasm all day long just to please them
What is the passage mainly about ? How dress properly business setting .	'The differences between professional and casual dress .
Jan Low works for International Potato Center	'the World Health Organization
Which statement is true according to the text ? The UN Security Council going take new members .	"'Four countries ', ' such as Japan ', ' Germany ', ' Brazil and India are applying for joining the UN .', 'Some countries ', ' such as North and South Korea ', ' Italy ', ' Pakistan ', ' Mexico and Argentina propose ticking the four countries out of the UN .', ""If the countries ' bids for permanent membership of the Council are turned down "
We can infer from the passage fast foods ' eaten tools America	'Americans always eat fried chicken with a knife
Which of the following is compared to God according to the passage ? The owners horses .	'The blind horse .
What has happened these years according to the passage ? All .	"""Children do n't have to think any more in school ."
What may be the causes of global warming ? The burning fossil fuels deforestation .	'The disappearance of plants and animals and the wasting energy .
From the passage we can infer that many young students hate going school parents	"""Li Qinmei does n't like others talking about her father"
What did Gwyneth Paltrow win an Oscar for ? Best Actress .	'Best Director .
What can we learn from the passage ? It 's obvious dogs ' behaviour problems related playing time .	"""Researchers confirm that playing less is to blame for dogs ' bad behaviours ."
Usually in companies , this policy causes the employees to work extra time Monday Thursday	'actually work on Friday afternoons
If a man lacks self - control ,    Moral strength nerve character lack well .	'He will always be controlled by all the people all the time .
What may Sanford agree with ? It 's important educate children danger smoking .	'Older children have the right to decide .
What can we learn from the end of the story ? Peter Mary another planet .	'Peter and Mary became villagers .
Which of the following might be the best sound to hear for the men ? The sound sea waves striking shore .	'The sound of sea waves pushing the boat 
What 's the aim of Build the Dream ? To help leading manufacturers .	"""To build one 's dream ."
The main purpose of this passage is to advise people deal e - waste properly reduce pollution .	'prove that e - waste is useless .
Instagram probably is program used share photos	'a restaurant free of charge
What do we know abut the Healthy Lunchtime Challenge ? The First Lady provides support .	'It will be held at the White House .
"By saying "" the Chinese students for red . "" In Para . 5 , the writer means culture influences people 's color1 preferences"	"""red is the Chinese students ' favorite color1"
How does a fault form ? When plates end top .	'When California rests on two separate plates .
We can learn from the text that extracurricular activities selective courses designed students ' full development	"'the newspapers and magazines issued by the school authority are much liked by students', ""the school 's alumni "
Parents think it 's dangerous for their kids to use blogs because teen bloggers get messages strangers	"'their kids use a surprising language', ""their kids talk about how they do n't like studying"
Mary and her borther have two tennis bats tennis balls	'a computer and a TV
We can learn from the passage that    Christmas Day , visit Calgary Transport Museum	"'in Border Birders Club ', "" you can see the world 's only Dodo Egg"
It can be concluded from the passage that language improvement needs time effort	'it is suitable to include English as a school subject
How did Susie show her mom that she was ready for the piano lesson ? She helped mom chores around house .	'She told her mom she was ready .
Which would be the best title for the passage ? Australian cane toads hit road .	'Ways to kill cane toads in Australia .
The writer of the passage tells us the truth that suburban high schools good places learning	'the atmosphere in high schools is not good
We can learn from Eastwood that boredom potentially    dangerous	'air traffic controllers usually feel bored
What component of blood is used to treat burned patients ? Plasma	'Red blood cell
How did the researchers carry out the study ? By collecting answers children Canada , France Italy .	'By collecting answers of parents from Canada 
What does this article mainly tell us ? Reading lot help us become good writers .	'Some children wish to be writers some day .
The student organizations seem to be effective in ensuring students obey university regulations	"'dealing with the academic affairs of the university', ""evaluating students ' performance by bringing them before a court"
What Dr Alan Gow said implies that exist links job demands preservation memory	'their findings are helpful to identifying the kinds of job demands
The mother felt thankful because felt lucky warm - hearted daughter	'she felt happy to have given the leftovers to the man
If you cross the ocean going west , you set your clock one hour back new time zone	'ahead by 25 hours in a new time zone
Which of the following statement is not true ? Fires cause less damage country city .	'Fires still cause much damage now although there are modern fire - fighting
The best title of the text might be    Sugary Soft Drinks Lead Cancer	'The Deadliest Forms of Cancer
Not everyone can be a leader because n't develop abilities	"""they do n't learn"
From Kevin Connolly , we know people like Oprah 's show for all the reasons EXCEPT Oprah always shares people 's life stories show	"""the audiences are touched by Oprah 's honesty and frankness"
Preston and Zerex are liquids used car engines	'trade names of two kinds of alcohol
Which of the following is Not true ? Some boys hurt played	'It was hard for the players to fall asleep for the first night
"What did George Bernard Shaw mean by saying "" England and America are two nations divided by a common language "" ? There sharp difference England America despite common language ."	'Both England and America speak the common language 
We can learn from the passage that Chinese people celebrate western festivals	'Chinese people pay enough attention to our own festivals
"The campaign "" He For She "" aims to involve everyone struggle end gender inequality"	'give women more freedom than men
As to energy use , the new research from UKERC stresses the importance of behaviour building users	'zero - carbon homes
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? A decibel unit measures sound .	'In fact 
Why did Huck feel comfortable living in a raft ? Because Huck likes free	'Huck made the raft by himself
What is important about the stone block mentioned in the passage ? It evidence oldest form writing ever found Americas .	'It proves that people lived in this part of the world more than 3
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? People live Seattle used sunshine absence .	'Seattle is located in the state of Washington .
We can know from the passage that quality quantity baby 's sleep influence everyone family	"'all the children should have the same sleep time', ""sleep has no influence on children 's behavior"
According to the text , most probably Pritzker Pavilion is place hold concert	'a well - known jazz band
The article mainly tells control H1N1 virus	'the H1N1 virus has been spreading world - wide
Which of the following best tells what this passage is about ? O'Keeffe distinctive modern American painter .	"""O'Keeffe was the best painter of her generation ."
Why do people have dogs as pets ? The passage n't tell us .	'Dogs used to live in caves .
What might be the best title for the passage ? Make Power From Coconuts	'Make Full Use Of Coconuts
How can you protect your eyes when learning in digital ways ? Try take break every twenty minutes possible .	'Try to use traditional ways to learn as often as possible .
When accused of copying , a student who cheats will try to prove innocence giving wild story	'convince his teacher by taking offensive action
The passage was written mainly to tell us that children praised	"""Hill 's father married again"
The consistent quality of the prizes is guaranteed by make - panel judges	'the prize money
What is the best title of the passage ? A story broken pot	'A man and his neighbor
Why do many children and women die of indoor air pollution ? Because electricity use traditional fuels heating cooking .	'Because they would rather heat and cook with traditional fuels than with electricity .
According to the law book , money go Hilary aunt dies without new .	"""Hilary 's aunt is not allowed to make a new will ."
Where did Jenny have her piano lessons ? In Mrs. Windsor 's house .	'In a music club .
Why could n't Bunny fall asleep on Christmas Eve ? He thinking present get Santa .	'He wanted to take a close look at Santa Claus .
It can be inferred from the passage that sense survival world depends online learning	'not all the people are in favor of online learning
What 's the difference between a blog and a diary ? A diary private blog .	'A diary is more helpful than a blog .
What 's the best title for the passage ? The Wal - Mart n't Know	'The Fortune Wal - Mart Makes
Which school does Peng Xianzhe study ? Beijing Chaoyang Foreign Language School .	'Mashan School .
According to the passage , which of the following is increasingly dangerous to sea animals ? The man - made noises .	'The noises made by themselves .
The white rhino can be found in Africa 's dry woodlands grasslands	"""Nepal 's high grasslands"
What is implied in Simon 's words ? Joint efforts top universities help program go smoothly .	"""It 's really meaningful for these universities to cooperate ."
Which of the following is more likely to have depression ? Young girls always hide feelings opinions .	'Young people who have a strong sense of selfishness .
According to the passage , which of the following is most probably the writer 's problem as a new teacher ? She blind trust learnt college .	"""She did n't ask experienced teachers for advice ."
During the first week in Chile the author could hardly communicate people	"""could n't express his thoughts in English"
Which of the following is the main   reason for Ma Yan 's Diary to be published ? Her diary read French reporter .	'Her mother gave her enough money to publish the book .
What can we learn from the text ? Tokelau n't use imported diesel produce electricity .	'Some houses in Tokelau still lack solar capacity .
According to this passage , male nouns pronouns used refer scientists .	'only in the scientific world is the role of women increasing rapidly .
What would be the best title for this passage ? No Ring Wills	'To Wear Wedding Rings or Not
The author is trying to inform the readers in the third passage that European consumers lack confidence making responsible choices	'companies can   make a higher profit by making less carbon - intensive products
When you tell a child about morals , you should tell social norms cultural differences	'teach him to share personal moral ideas with others
Water has three states . They are    solid , liquid gas	'solid 
In Gever Tulley 's view, dangerous activities make adaptable children	'children should grow up in a completely safe environment
It can be known from the passage that aircraft took jumpers height higher Himalayas	'High and Wild is a new British adventure travel company
Mr. Walker answered the advertisement because     wanted set Shakespeare 's works good bargain	'he claimed that the books were being offered at a remarkable price .
The author would probably punish children necessary	'beat the children every day
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Disabled beggars usually treated equally .	'The disabled like to beg in the street .
What 's the purpose of the text ? To encourage girls sports .	'To show the importance of sport .
The purpose of this article is to explain many Asian children overweight nowadays	"""compare the traditional diet with today 's diet of Asian children"
According to the passage , which of the following is RIGHT ? Liu Xiaohua Mianyang , Sichuan Province .	'Liu Xiaohua is a girl of 11 years old .
What played the most important part in making Milton Gardner 's wish come true ? Mr. Xi 's concern arrangement .	"""Mrs. Gardner 's hard efforts ."
Some companies do n't allow their workers to moonlight because they are afraid workers tired try best work	'their workers can not do extra - hour work for them
This passage is mainly about Teacher Year 2004 United States	"""Ms Mellor 's English teaching instruction"
Similar to the Chateau Lake Louise , Jasper Park Lodge built 1920s	'the Banff National Park is to the west of Banff
What did the author think at first after he saw the jacket ? He could wear Halloween .	'He should try to find its owner .
The less advantaged people are , the greater . impact stress health	'the effect of education on their health is
What 's the writer 's purpose in writing the passage ? To tell make small talk American clients colleagues .	'To prove that having small talk is not very hard .
Which of the following is not true ? It usual radioactive materials conveyed across land .	'It is likely that a leak or an explosion occurs at a power station .
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Volunteer Work Can Boost Your Career .	"""Mulcahy 's Voluntary Work Experience ."
The author mentioned the report carried out last year for the purpose of      . proving benefits green office design	'showing us how to design an office
The students were surprised because thought teacher unfair	'Donald did as well as Tommy
A mother is advised to plan a trip without telling her daughter probably to      . give daughter surprise	'choose the place the mother likes more
What can we infer from the text ? The device help obese people form good eating habits .	'Every family will have such a device soon .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Humans get idea treating diabetes dolphins .	'Dolphins can switch into a diabetic - like state overnight .
It can be inferred from the passage that parents n't give kid shows sign respect	'parents should take off his headphones when trying to have a talk with their child
What food can make us more confident ? Bananas .	'Sea fish .
What made it take so long a time to find the missing Airbus ? The strategy used first stage search effective .	'The investigators were not working hard as it was holiday   time .
What 's the best title of the passage ? How clever fish ?	'Fish can hear and see
The writer thinks that how a person dresses n't choice keep warm	"""ca n't express his or her mind"
We can infer that primates generally emotional dogs eyes people	'dogs are of social animals
It can be inferred from the passage that greedy evil sometimes leading crimes .	'gambling is prohibited all over ChinaexceptMacao
.   . Which one of the following is true ? The children parents farm come bus school learn .	"""A school bus is a real school for farmers ' children ."
At the age of 12,the author got a job at a restaurant and often worked till late at night because felt rewarded work	'he liked that work
What 's the best title of the passage ? Birthday present offers new direction life	'How I become a rock star
We can learn from the passage that teachers parents learn deal problem student suicides .	'the problem of student suicides is getting worse according to a research on the accurate statistics
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To explain The Sound Music one best movies .	'To tell people what makes a good movie .
The best little for the passage is better Doctors	"""The Children 's Hospital"
Which of the following is true according to the author ? We try make every chance .	'We should create more problems for your success .
Why did the teacher call a meeting with Tommy 's parents ? Because Tommy 's grades dropping recently .	'Because Tommy was late for school that day .
What can we conclude from the recent study ? People hold mixed opinions science .	'People think highly of science .
What can we infer about potential water batteries ? They possible disadvantages like water leaking .	'They must be used to power mobile phones and calculators .
Which of the following is NOT ture about Edward Sims ? He ran exhaustion delivering papers .	'He was such a good salesman that he went on to own 25 newsagent shops with another man .
Which would be the best title for this passage ? Is Your Body Language Hurting You ?	'Facial Expressions and Messages
Which of the following is TRUE , according to the passage ? The cave old man helped man become noble generous .	'The old man had devoted himself to it before .
To fight this problem , the Pollinator Health Task Force will do the following EXCEPT make agricultural sector pay attention problem	'make new hives for bees
What do we know about road design from the passage ? It provided conditions wheel design develop .	'It was easier than wheel design .
Why do more girls begin to leam coding ? There coding classes girls .	"'Girls want to learn a "" boy thing "" ."
"Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Zhang Feng beat anyone "" Shaolin Sunshine Hand "" ."	'Zhang Feng is 23 years old .
What 's the best title for this article ? An Old Man Bear	'How a Bear Got Fish
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? More British people suffer type 2 diabetes due obesity .	'Scientists have found a similar genetic switch in humans .
Diwali falls different date every year .	'is celebrated for a week
Which of the following is true according to the writer ? The 10 percent theory make evolutionary sense .	'We use less than 10 % of our brains .
Their bus was hit by a truck because drunk driver broke traffic rules	'the bus driver broke the traffic rules
What is one of the characteristics of left - handed people ? They likely talented certain fields .	'They have a much higher IQ than right - handed people .
According to the passage , which of the following is an opinion , but not a fact ? Different people show thanksgiving different ways .	"""The teacher went over Douglas ' desk and talked to him ."
From the excerpts   of the poem , we can learn The writer began practise lot dream little boy	'The writer loved running when he was six
When the author was young , she accepted European standard beauty	"""did n't mind others saying she was black"
Which sentence is wrong ?     David Beckham joined National Football Team England left Real Madrid .	'David Beckham is a very good football player .
The purpose of the passage is to highlight contributions staff school besides teachers .	'emphasize the role teachers play in a school
If the researchers give us some advice to avoid Monday morning feeling , what might it be ? Create pleasant working environment	'Stop working on Monday
What can we learn from the experiment on crows and children ? One crow passed test younger children n't .	'Five of the six crows threw stones into the red tube .
""" Side - by - side "" living style means keeping customs sharing American ones certain areas"	'making friends with native people
Why did n't Peter tell his parents that his brother beat him ? Because knew wrong .	"""Because his father did n't like him ."
Why did n't the author give any advice to Lydia that afternoon ? Because tired talk Lydia .	"'Because she thought her keeping silence was better for Lydia .', ""Because she did n't know how to comfort Lydia ."
What is the best title for this reading ? A clever man	'A Book Advertisement
Why is Mr. Gale able to live such a long life ? Because keeps simple rules good life .	"'Because he knows some "" secrets of long life "" ."
Which of the following is true according to Jose Manuel Salazar - Xirinachs ? Job creation made key priority policymaking .	'Since 2007 
What might be the main idea of the passage ? Grammar horrible .	'Forgetting grammar when writing .
Which of the following statements is true ? The causes stress worth serious study .	'Freedom from responsibilities helps reduce stress .
On this journey on The Flying Bluebird , the author felt uncomfortable because many people train	'he was angry with the man sitting next to him
What 's the good policy for some employees in summer ? They take Friday afternoons .	"""They do n't work on Friday ."
Which of the following sentences is not true according to the passage ? Good manners different one place another .	'Eating with others is bad manners .
What is the best title for the passage ? A Powerful Earthquake Strikes Coast Chile .	'Chile Deals with Emergency Well .
According to Elliot Woolley , the best way to stop wasting food in poor countries is probably     . improving agricultural techniques	'making people realize the bad effects of wasting food
Certain animals change their choice of food when season changes	'the food color changes
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Jones showed unusual imagination tricks .	'Jones was closely related to the state government .
What is the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To tell us something waltz .	'To tell us to learn waltz .
"According to the passage , "" Do n't work harder "" means that working harder key point work"	"""one should not be more devoted to one 's work"
We may draw a conclusion from the passage that information play greater role people 's work daily life future	'the ability of performing routine tasks gives you an advantage in work
What can be the best title for the texft ? Going online yearbooks	'How to select yearbooks
After the author 's mother died , she fulfilled her desire by treating mother 's Ridge friends Spanish food	'decorating her house in Lightning Ridge
What is the best title for the story ? The lesson cocoon	'The love for the cocoon .
Which of the following vehicles causes the least pollution to the environment ? Toyota Prius .	'Honda Civic Hybrid .
Dickens ' books are not often read because stories long language date	'his stories are very boring
Why is the dark part of the moon not completely black ? Because earth throws back sunlight onto moon .	"""Because the sun shines on the moon 's surface ."
According to the passage , the 20s is an age for people to develop critical relationships	'have a good public image
The girl handed the letter back to the mailman because already known written letter	"""she did n't know whose letter it was"
What is the best title for the text ? Mountaineering .	'Mountain Climbers .
The author of the passage argues that absolute needs limits	'demands for quality are not insatiable
Which of the relationships is NOT true ? Angela Corey judge case .	"'Zimmerman shot Martin during a conflict .', ""Mark O'Mara was Zimmerman 's lawyer ."
The writer of this passage mainly wants to tell us people celebrate Christmas Africa	'persuade us to have a holiday in Africa
What is the passage mainly about ? The rules getting job studying US international students .	'The reason why international students like studying in the United States .
Which of the following is true according to the text ? People tolerant family .	'Putting the work of others owed to yourself came second in the list .
What effect does Gaza 's first organ transplants hopes to get ? Releasing Gaza hospitals ' pressure lack professional doctors .	'Helping poor Gaza people to regain health to make more money .
From the text we know that in America people enjoy food	'only rich people can go out to eat
Which sentence can be used to end the story ? George turned cold fear .	'George turned red with anger .
How has the city of Copenhagen persuaded its people to accept the windmills around their homes ? By offering chance get profit windmills bring .	'By designing less noisy windmills to ease their worries .
What does the example of Colonel Saunders show us ? Even older people make dreams come true .	'Setting up a big company is a wonderful ability .
The author agrees with the fact that delivery delay often makes online shoppers unhappy	'online shopping is a safe way to make purchases
What is tailgating ? A pre - game activity people gather together enjoy .	'When a group of people celebrates because their favorite team won a game .
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Local performers challenge bands world .	'The festival is economically important for Scotland .
From the passage we can know two cities developed fast	'London is better thanParisnow
Which of the following is the best tide of this passage ? Toyota Recall Its Lexus Sedans Sold China	"'China Prepares to Recall Cars', ""The Problems in China 's Car Market"
Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? Volvo first use seat belts .	"""It wo n't be dangerous if there are seat belts or air bags in a car ."
According to the passages , which of the following sentence is true ? In movie , The Time Machine , people travel future .	'In the movie 
The writer stole his father 's car because concerned father 's safety	"""she could n't afford a car herself"
Which toy is said to have the special design for children 's safety ? FLAX ART HOSPITAL PUZZLE AND PLAY SET	'MINI PEDAL CAR
Which of the following is Not true ? Everyone knows carrots grown winter months .	'Carrots are easy to plant and easy to harvest .
From the passage we can know that June poor young	'the writer told June to give the money to the poor
Why did the man put the put the boy back on the donkey ? Because n't want criticized others .	'Because the boy was too tired to walk .
Lily , 5 years old , likes listening to some stories before going to bed , her mother will buy Good Night Sun Hello Moon	'Where the Wild Things Are
Which of following is TRUE when the owner gave Sindbad joyful surprise ?     The owner glad see alive back .	'Sindbad came back with a dead elephant .
The author of this passage tries explain civilization developed human history	'gives a comparison between ancient civilization and modern civilization
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Susan Miller helped many people find good job successfully .	'Local stores have few areas for people to put signs .
It can be inferred from the text that Teenagers probably still downloading free music .	"'Web companies are still ignoring the copyright laws .', ""Teenagers have n't got money to buy CDs ."
Water shortage is getting more serious because world population growing .	"'there will be more wars about water .', ""people do n't have efficient management of the water industry ."
The beautiful hopes will never be destroyed because people strong desire seek personal gains	'small businesses make big money each year in the US
What is the best title of this passage ? Learning save money	'Money from different banks
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The writer n't find enough time talk father years .	"'The writer arrived in Florida before her father passed away .', ""The writer noticed nothing unusual about her father 's health before he was put in the hospital ."
What is the passage mainly about ? New cell phone rules China .	'How to use a cell phone .
Which of the sentence is right ? People learn lot reading .	"'The show invites readers and writers .', ""You ca n't find the book you like in the show ."
The reason why a great barrierhas been built across the Thames at Woolwich is that .	'London is very slowly sinking into its foundations
There will be no difficulty in communication if people different countries know ' languages cultures	""".people from different countries can speak each other ' s languages"
Which is NOT true ? Everyone 's life interesting .	'Many people live and work in safe places .
Which of the folrowing benefits of cherries are NOT mentioned in the passage ? They help control sleep canned .	'They can help slow the process of aging
The friendly feelings between two countries are strengthened because enable people know better	'athletes come from different countries
Which of the following is NOT true about modern robots ? Some robots ' brains sensors .	'Some robots can solve problems on their own .
Why did Lin start to shine when his opportunity came ? Because practiced hard learned experienced players .	'Because he knew how the league worked .
Ann did n't eat dinners in the restaurant of the hotel because afraid could n't pay little money	"""she was n't well"
After that , the boy who stole the cookies might make friends Billy	'steal again
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Young 's health situation mentioned poetry .	"'"" How Grasp Green "" is the first poem in Fall Higher ."
What can be a suitable title for the passage ? Canadian scientists help aging people preserve memory .	'A new way to develop a good memory .
We can conclude that author annoyed called horrible morning hour ear - ache patient	'the author is worried about his patient when he is driving through the foggy streets of East London
What class is Sally in ? Class Three , Grade One .	'Class Four 
What does the passage mainly talked about ? Marie Curie two Noble Prizes	'Marie Curie discovered radium
What can trees do according to the passage ? Trees help plants grow .	'Trees can keep other plants green
Compared with the other two apps , which of the following features makes Line stand out ? Group mobile games .	'Free stickers and emoticons .
Who is the passage most probably written by ? Someone works children 's education .	'Parents who have bought phones for their kids .
Specialists use dogs to listen to children reading because they think dogs provide encouragement shy children	"""dogs are young children 's best friends"
All of the following can influence how much sunlight falls on plants EXCEPT changes season	'length of day time
The best name of the story is Mother 's Present	'The Missing Umbrella
The Internet can not be used to housework	'find information for our homework ..
Which of the following statements does the author support ? Generalists outdo specialists management .	'Specialists are more expensive to hire than generalists .
If you are travelling in Dalian , you   can see the dolphin performance	'tiger performance
Why should people NOT have too many sports drinks ? Because much sugar .	'Because people get thin after drinking them .
The main purpose of the passage is to inform readers result experiment	'provide statistics related to eating in the dark
What 's the main idea of this article ? To protect environment , free plastic bags banned China .	'Making super - thin plastic bags has been banned in China .
How can you do well in exam ? work hard every day	'Read stories in English
What can we learn about the trip ? Their trip satisfying beginning .	'Fernando often argued with the author about their trips .
We can learn from the passage that Erik showed kindness old man	'had seen the old man before
It can be inferred from the passage that the writer always find enough time mental preparations beforehand	'has formed a bad habit of chewing a pencil while writing his novels
Which of the following is true ? E - mail saves time money .	'E - mail is not easy to use .
In South Africa , students like fast food fried food much	'most students have sandwiches and vegetables for lunch
Which of the following is TRUE for the three cities ? The population Taipei larger two .	'The weather in Taipei is smoggy and not always pleasant .
As the passage is not complete , what do you think would follow in its full text ?    Man 's views water pollution terms beauty values .	"""Water pollution 's direct economic effects on man ."
How did Ben Franklin float across the water ? The flying kite took across .	'The other boy took him across it .
What can be the best title for the passage ? Re - remembering -- Remember forgotten	'Forgetting -- You can never really forget
Which of the following shows the author 's strong love for adventures ? The author imagines adventures reading .	'The author spends almost every day looking for adventures .
The father let his son to hammer the nails into the back of the fence and draw out in order to educate way	'punish him for his losing his temper
Why do so many people think it is admirable to be an actor ? All .	'They think actors are fashionable .
What is the passage mainly about ? Yeats 's literary achievements	"""Yeats 's historical influence"
Some scientists think the debate over ethics of cloning humans is overstressed because result cloning ca n't predicted general	'cloning of human beings is completely impossible
The young woman gave the flowers to the old granny because wanted old granny happy ,	"'she was her mother', ""she did n't like those flowers"
Which of the following is TRUE ? Michael enjoys reading books library .	"""Nick 's neighborhood is very quiet ."
Which of the following things does the writer advise you to do towards your dog ? Train way want treated .	'Never punish the dog
What 's the best title of the passage ? Take Mother Home .	'Where Is Home ?
In the study , the children played one toy	'were asked to watch adult TV shows
Which of the following statements is NOT true aceording to the passage ? It 's quite possible dwarfs lose compete big men	"'According to definition of a "" planet "" ', ' if Pluto were bigger it would not have left the classic planet family .', ""Pluto has a special orbit which overlap with Neptune 's "
What can we learn from the passage ? People need less skill housework due advanced technology .	'The microwave oven was first used by working mothers .
Which of the following could be the best title for the text ? Is cursive writing necessary ?	'How to write in cursive
"According to Alexander , the "" timely treatment "" to eyesight problems is wear suitable resinous glasses right time"	'to stop wearing glass glasses any more
Why did some of Ulrika 's friends feel upset ? They n't asked attend wedding .	"""They did n't agree with the marriage ."
What do we learn about the recent visitors to the Capitol ? They held different views Capitol 's current appearance .	"'They could get a clear look at the dome .', ""They were all disappointed at the sight of the Capitol 's building ."
If students apply by post , they must provide stamped addressed envelopes	'bring the receipts to the first class
It can be inferred that superstitions about numbers are popular Japan China	'popular neither in Japan nor in China
Why is oil rubbed on the egg ? To give egg shiny appearance	'To make the game more difficult to play
If you want to reduce the fat around your waist , you should exercise muscles body	'do stomach exercise
In this passage the writer tells us    move big city without thinking problems	'to move to a big city
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Poem cop	"""Daughter 's love"
Which of the following statements is true ? Not enough known hospital teaching .	'Every child in hospital receives some teaching .
What can we learn from what Dr. Archana Singh Manoux said ? It difficult British people Mediterranean diet .	'The Mediterranean diet is the most healthy in the world .
What might be the most suitable title for the passage ? Ugandan orphans turn tragedy dance	"'Transcendent Spirit : A close look at Uganda', ""AIDS and war are claiming people 's lives"
From the story we learn that small workers big things work hard work long time	"""small workers ca n't do big things"
Why are parents adivsed to offer young children allowances strictly as planned ? To help children learn make budget .	'To have children save money for larger costs .
If you married and then divorced , what would happen to your finances ? Your wealth would increase slowly first , decrease got divorced .	"""Your money would n't increase at all until you got divorced ."
Anti - bullying campaigners think that teachers help deal children 's argument proper way	'the government should take measures to stop children from being bullied
The blueprint made before inviting a friend to dinner is used as example plan important things ahead	'a set rule for job hunters
The main idea of this passage is how to protect earth	'save water and electricity
What 's Dave doing in the park ? Taking walk .	'Painting a tree .
What can we infer from the passage ? The girl tense relationship parents .	'The girl will surely win the case in court .
We can learn from the text that babies in the research interact less parents playing electronic toys	'liked traditional toys better than electronic toys
Why did Richard Platz throw the bottle with the message into the sea ? He wished finder would send postcard home .	'He expected his grandfather could find the postcard .
Some people suggest not choosing the Westpark Inn because usual standard	"""it 's close to business centers"
Dinosaur scientists can probably know whether dinosaurs were good parents by studying dinosaurs ' living relatives	'watching many kinds of animals
Danielle Steel is different from other writers in that write several books time	'she often does some research before writing a book
We can infer from the passage that All citizens China n't responsibility living low - carbon lifestyle .	"'Using energy - saving bulbs and appliances is a fashion .', ""It 's easy for most Chinese to try to learn a low - carbon lifestyle ."
On hearing Josh 's answer ,   the writer was shocked because boys bed sleep	'the family lived in a trailer
One big problem in the future is that many people wo n't jobs	'Many people will do dangerous and hard work
Which of the following statements is TRUE about the author ? She miss friends Cincinnati TU - Dresden .	'She lived with her mother in a big house in Germany .
"Why did the famous design houses need a "" master designer "" ? To blend range accessories ready - - wear clothing ."	'To start a revolution in the fashion world .
Why did n't the writer reply to his father ? He liked text messages better .	"""He did n't want to talk with his father ."
What do the researchers suggest ? Task - based timing preferred creative work .	'It is important to keep a balance between work and life .
Scientists think a fidget habit to be way lose fat	'a nervous habit annoying the people around
Which of the following sentences from the passage is an example of a fact ? He brought shore two passing fishermen rowboat .	'He hit the water at over six hundred miles an hour .
Which of the following is true ? If Qu Yi 's parents n't get divorced , would much happier .	"""Qu Yi 's father works very hard and makes much money to support his family ."
Why did Mrs Black ask Mr Dodd to help her ? Because Mr Dodd Mrs Black 's family doctor .	"""Because Mr Dodd was Mrs Black 's friend ."
John told the shopkeeper that he had given     trousers coat	'the money for the trousers
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Israel removed troops settlements Gaza Strip	'Israel had ten settlements in the West Bank
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Few players could pay fee .	'Christian was a middle school student .
What can we learn from the text ? Linda saved Stockholm .	'Linda hated the trip very much .
The passage mainly tells us learn love	'we should help our parents
What can we infer from the passage ? Students failed college entrance exam may suffer mental problems .	'After the college entrance exam 
From the passage we know the daughter shouted mum came home late	"""did n't want to help with the sink"
What is the article mainly about ? The controversy DNA databases	'The possibilities opened up by DNA technology
In writing the passage , the author intends to inform readers news make comments	'discourage the pursuit of instant success in science
How did Allan Hills meteorite get its name ? From found earth .	'From its original place on Mars .
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? The man n't give though failed interview	'The man was one of the biggest food retailers in the world
How did Brittany deal with Jessica ? She tried make Jessica actively	'She forced Jessica to apologize to her
By referring to Obama 's plan , the author mainly intended to say that     US determined improve energy efficiency whole America	'the US government office buildings have wasted the most energy
The writer mentions Indian birds in order to tell us that birds imitate human voices	'they are cleverer than parrots
Why can watching TV increase kids ' weight according to the passage ? Both A B	'They usually eat more while watching TV .
What was the result of the match ? Lee Sedol beaten .	'Google program beat AlphaGo .
What do we know about the old locks ? They still used .	'They have been replaced by the new ones .
The main idea of the article is doctors able save premature babies , cost high	'doctors must never decide whether to save babies or cancer patients
What can we infer from the passage ? Many scientists doubtful whether system last long enough .	'There is a scene in \n Star Trekwhere four men and four women locked themselves into giant greenhouse .
What has been bothering toymakers for almost ten years ? The trend age compression .	'The sales of action figures .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The rainstorm led landslides Miyun Pinggu districts .	"'Owing to the rainstorm ', "" 329 flights were put off at the capital 's airport ."
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT a reason for Laos to be hopeful ? The government owns local media .	'There are no fast - food restaurants in the country .
This passage mainly focuses on teach kids treat pets	'how to enforce proper rules of pet care
Which of the following can be the main idea of this passage ? Itis   possible   forkidsto   beinventors .	'Kids have curiosity and imagination
Which is right ? The boy 's father apple tree , .	"'The boy is happy to see Mr. Rock .', ""Mr. Rock knows the boy 's father is eating the apples ."
Which hotel would invite artists to come to work every year ? The Ice Hotel .	'Propeller Island City Lodge .
What can be the best title for this text ? An Ambitious Undergraduate Seeks Big Dream	'A Young Man Becomes Successful in Miami
"Which of the following is NOT true about Charlie Chaplin ? "" Sherlock Holmes "" made Charlie rise fame overnight ."	"""Mother had much influence on Charlie Chaplin 's career ."
The judge changed the sentence at last because . Jones planning another big scam	'he could hardly believe what Jones had told him
The committee report of National Academy of sciences in Washingtonreveals that level carbon dioxide increases global temperatures	'carbon dioxide is released mainly from the fuel
According to Professor Allen , power harvesting technology reduces dependency conventional batteries .	'makes every use of radio waves .
When our parents or teachers are talking to us , what should we do ? We ears .	'We should keep our nose out of their business .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Cleaners mistake modern art rubbish	"""Modern art should n't be cleaned"
What kind of job does Linda want to get ? A middle school math teacher .	'A Big Brother / Big Sister Volunteer .
The passage mainly talks about Yunte Huang thought Charlie Chan	'how Yunte Huang discovered Charlie Chan
Mrs. Patrick was laughing guiltily because she thought housework	'she was too old to fly kites
What does the text mainly tell us ? Samoa Air introduces pay - - weight pricing .	'Airlines should charge obese passengers more .
What is the best title of this passage ? Dangerous Sports : What Why	'Modern Life is Boring
By describing the scene of shopping , the writer wants to illustrate men women 's different brains	"""reveal men and women 's preference of living expense"
What is the main idea of the passage ? Reaching apologizing wins one peace happiness .	'People should keep peaceful when facing small stuff .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? More courses taught college improvement knowledge .	'In the early years 
The king was angry with kind minister	'the bad minister
The tea in silk bags was welcome because tea tasted good cup easy wash	'the tea in bags was free and very good
In what way will the medicine take effect to its fullest ? A healthy diet , adequate water exercise contribute .	'Take pills regularly and you are sure to achieve your absolute best shape .
What is the final dream an Edinburgh and Midlothian Country ? To set plan burning waste	'To open a new landfill nearby
What 's the main idea of the text ? Rhett Butler website .	'Rainforests on Malaysian Borneo .
What 's the best title for the text ? In defense Guitar Hero	'A new computer game
In the last experiment , most babies chose the helper character , showing that babies judge person helpful harmful	'babies love to see a puppet show
What does the author say about doctors in general ? They unwilling take advice .	'They like flying by themselves .
If people were asked to tell the direction of a sound from the side , who would perform best ? Those gone blind since children .	'Those who are blind .
The passage is mainly about introduction GPS	'The history of the GPS
If a foreign gets a Green Card in China , he /she enter leave China without visa	'has the right to vote in China .
We can infer from the article that If Roussel n't joined navy , might achieved much .	"""Roussel 's aunt adopted him after his grandfather died ."
What is the main idea of the passage ? Mei Lanfang 's great contributions Peking Opera .	"'The history of Peking Opera .', ""Mei Lanfang 's early stage life ."
Which of the following could be the best title for the passage ? Cannon fire sinking Japanese ghost ship	'Japanese ghost ship arriving at US
The main purpose of the passage is to tell us that climate world subjected dangers air pollution	'the climate of the earth is always changing
""" Shakespeare 's people "" in Para.4 refers to people whose native language English"	"""the characters in Shakespeare 's products"
What is the main idea of the passage ? It mainly tells us treat friends	'It mainly introduces the importance of friends
Why is the best time to watch some animals at night ? Because n't sleeping night ..	'Because they are sleeping at night .
The Muggers did n't win the championship of last season Hank Snydder 's absence	"""because the players of the Muggers did n't take part in the games"
What can be inferred from the passage ? Mensah set example youth country .	'Mensah comes from a poor family in Ghana .
What 's the difference between novels and short stories ? Short stories perfect difficult novels .	'Novels are too long for us to read .
What would be the best title for the passage ? How make day	'How to lead a happy and satisfying life
Which of the following is WRONG according to the passage ? In boarding house , students South Korea , Japan Russia .	"""The international students in the boarding house do n't speak Englsih very fluently ."
If you want to have more chances for making friends , you should try make friends kinds people really like , respect admire .	"""Do n't just make friends with the people who are easy to meet ."
"In general , the author seems to think that "" Neighborhood Watch "" schemes successful"	'the police should do more to protect people
What in fact was Mr Cassatt 's main reason in opposing his daughter 's wish ? Ladies good families simply become artists times .	'Drawing and painting was simply unthinkable among ladies in those days .
All the information about Lin is right except that soon left college , became one member New York Knicks	'he was 23 years old when he helped his team win five breakout games
According to this passage , we eat corn keep us active	"""should n't put any sugar into their food"
Grammatical sentences are regarded as unimportant because words said natural feelings	'it is better to use verbs only
According to the author , what is the importance of hutong to Chinese cultural heritage ? Hutong become museum Beijing 's folk customs history .	'It is a traditional housing style of Beijing .
What did Tim do on Sunday evening ? The passage n't tell us .	"""He went to Nancy 's birthday party ."
Which of the following should NOT belong to the reasons why kids get homeschooled ? They escape school hate going school	"'They can get more benefits from homeschooling .', ""They ca n't go to school because of their bad health ."
In the writer 's opinion , people should use handguns only when objects control	'hunters shoot at animals
We can learn from the passage that man hid coins probably living hard life	'the author was stopped by his father from telling the truth
At last , Mr. Brown knew factory n't short anything	'the old worker had a happy life
Why did the old man go back home alone when he found the sparrow ? Because found bird lived well .	"""Because the bird did n't like him ."
"By saying "" They are here to stay "" , the writer believes selfies taking root people 's life"	'celebrities will continue to post selfies
What can endanger Great Barrier Reef directly ? Increased water temperatures coral bleaching	'Uncertain water sources .
From the passage we can learn that international universities short money	'the number of foreign students is becoming smaller and smaller
According to the passage , which of the following is not mentioned as a practical tip for a   workaholic ? Make lost sleep whenever possible	"""Do n't be food - skippers"
Father 's Day was started just because Mother 's Day .	"""there was a Children 's Day ."
What 's the best title for the passage ? Tourist beaten death HongKong .	'Mainlanders in HongKong
What do we know about the refracting telescope ? It convenient take along size .	'It refracts light by an eye piece .
.When American people are introduced to each other , woman decides shake hands man	'men seldom shake hands
What 's the best title for the passage ? Chinese Childhood Obesity Explosion	"'Weight - loss Camps in China', ""Obesity Explosion 's Impacts On Chinese Economy"
The author may agree that possessing wealth may lead sense pride	"'by comparing themselves with the poor ', ' people will feel happy', ""people wo n't feel happy without a desire for happiness"
With time going on , the author shifts to watching more movies because he thinks that adult adult	'they give him hope of justice and tomorrow in life
Which place is not mentioned about volunteering in the US ? Zoos .	"""Sick people 's homes ."
In order to improve tourism , tourist spots should bring culture back tourism	'make more artificial scenes to attract tourists
What is the text mainly about ? Concerns kids ' campus safety .	'Exact campus crime statistics .
What is the writer 's attitude towards international games ? Nations win international games prove best sports field least .	'Nations that meet on football are unlikely to meet on a battle field .
The best title of the passage is The Guide Horse Guided Horse	'God and the Horses
What 's the main idea of this passage ? To tell us albino succeeded	'To give the reason of causing the albino .
Which is the best title of the passage ? Reach Sky	'A Respectable Teacher
What made walking dogs in the wooded area risky ? That kids could escape without watched teacher .	"'That the kids might not bring back animals on time .', ""That the writer could n't accompany the kids to the forest ."
Which of the following is probably not the author 's belief ? predictions need n't consider people 's practical use technology .	"""The future is n't always easy to guess ."
From her experience of arthritis , the author learned that always remember show love love	'a stabbing pain in the heart is as painful as one in the foot
Which of the following can be the best title for this passage ? Edinburgh ------ A City Culture	'Edinburgh ------ A Tourist Attraction
What is the best title for the passage ? Shenzhou X Spacecraft Mission Is Success	"'China Prepares for Next Manned Mission', ""China 's Shenzhou X Is Now in Space"
Which is NOT a reason why digital photography is eco - friendly ? Digital cameras produce pictures good film cameras .	'Harmful chemicals are not needed in developing pictures .
The author hopes to have the current situation in sports improved by changing attitude players sports field	'calling on players to use clean language on the court
What can we learn about friendship , according to the text ? Friends childhood sometimes forgotten us .	"""Friendship can not be easily affected by one 's family ."
The main purpose of the passage is to give people tips visiting Auckland Zoo	'introduce Auckland Zoo animals
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? All students allowed perform Senior Show .	'The yearbook is a reminder for the seniors .
To make sure that the soil has enough basic substances , people can provide soil extra supplies	'remove plants from the soil
What enables a kite fly gracefully in the sky according to the story ? A long string blowing wind .	'The kite itself and strange shapes .
Why do people go and live in valleys near rivers ? It 's easier people grow plants keep animals .	'the resources like oil can bring them much money .
What are educators ' opinions about cyberschools ? They brought great convenience students .	'They will take the place of traditional schools in the future .
Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? Not every student get cushion Mrs. Toalson 's Reading Workshop .	"'Mrs. Toalson told the student to sit in the bathtub as a punishment .', 'The student who used the bathtub in that class was thought to be unlucky .', ""In Mrs. Toalson 's Reading Workshop "
Which is TRUE about the super bus according to the passage ? The super bus travel roads .	'The super bus will produce more pollution .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Luo believed Olympic    flame helped communication among people .	'Luo Xuejuan was the first    Olympic torchbearer in Greece .
It can be inferred from the passage that people living Reykiavik seldom get heat coal .	"""hotel accommodation is so rare that visitors usually camp in the city 's biggest parks ."
After Willard 's wife died , he came back to his hometown    got informed Llah 's husband 's death	'in order to date with Llah
What do you know about habits in Britain from the passage ? They different parts Britain .	'Habits in Wales and Scotland are typically British .
What can we learn about the research ? It mainly surveyed fathers ' living young kids .	"""It aimed to study fathers ' influence on kids ."
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Germs may make us ill .	'Germs are in dirty water .
What do all four of the hotels have in common ? They three star ratings .	'They all provide a room with a mini bar .
It can be concluded from the passage that must take proper attitude towards disabled	'both physical and mental barriers are hard to break down
What is the author 's purpose of writing this passage ? To call people take active part Relay Life .	'To introduce the origin and development of Relay for Life .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The old man sold something cheap make living .	"""Mark did n't like this old man at all ."
"The "" fancier brands "" ( Para . 5 ) refers to expensive bottled water impressive names"	'tap water from the Thames River
The old man cut the cocoon in order to make butterfly come easily	'kill the butterfly
From the research findings we may conclude that patients enjoyed dogs ' company human visitors '	'the less the body produces epinephrine 
Which of the following is NOT TRUE ? The students n't go sports parents .	"'Body exercise is very important for education .', ""A person ca n't become successful with a weak body"
Which of the following is true according to the article ? Luck come try best everything .	'You just need wait for some time 
Why did the Beatles change popular culture ? Because different attitude life .	'Because of changing lengths of hair the four Liverpool boys wore .
If you want to park you 're your car at the airport for a long time , what should you do ? Park car P15 P17 take transit bus terminal	'Just park your car outside the airport
What can we infer from the phenomenon of word creation ? Social phenomena easily reflected cyber language .	"""It 's getting more difficult to understand cyber language ."
The purpose of the passage is offer advice collecting antique clocks	'to introduce the culture of antique clocks
The writer wants to tell us Howard Schultz started coffee business complete father 's dream	'the father was kind to the boy and never beat him
"UK scientists grow a living human "" brain "" in order to discover human brain really works"	'study the structure of human brain
Joe wants sleep .	"""does n't know the time ."
What do we know about the hare ? She got along well animals lot friends .	'She was friendly and all animals loved to help her .
Which of the following things did Sally do on Day Four ? She read books .	'She went swimming .
The author 's purpose for writing the story is to describe rules playing games	'tell us how clever the lady is
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Huang Ge badly ill age one .	"'Hundreds of people sent money to help him .', ""Huang Ge 's mother left the family ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Taxi drivers London work hard helpful .	'Taxi drivers in London often drive at a high speed .
Which of the following is NOT true ?     Steffi Graf famous tennis player .	'Pele became famous soon after he was picked to play for Santos .
.From the passage , it can be seen that the author considers welfare reform fundamentally successful	'insists that welfare reform is doing little good for the poor
Which hotel gives a promise ? Baymont Hotel	'Fort Lauderdale Plaza Hotel
In order to get men to do some housework , women should often     ask housework politely	"""blame men 's laziness"
How do you learn things when you have good study habits ? We learn thing quickly . ,	'All students need to have good study habits .
At last Mrs King opened door Mr King	'his child opened the door for Mr King
In the passage the author mainly talks about benefits drinking hot chocolate	'different hot chocolate recipes
Some women 's colleges decided to accept men students because many young women chose study colleges men women	'teaching women is more difficult than teaching men
Which is the best title   of the story ? My son 's first sale .	"""Let 's collect stones ."
Having proved his skill to himself , Sanders came realize really working countrymen	'wanted to live a simple life like a countryman
When taking an exam , you are advised first answer questions easier .	'to depend on your first impulse to answer the questions .
When will visitors see costume soldiers marching on the street ? 18th September 2016	'17th September 2016
We can infer that HIV is difficult to treat because HIV clever hides feels danger	'HIV is not easy to diagnose at the early time
The theme of this year 's celebration is centered on relationship sound image nature	'diversity of Chinese traditional festivals
According to the passage , we know the Ministry of Agriculture is a department governs agriculture	'which sells food and vegetables
Why are n't some traditional fairytales read by parents to children ? They scary young children hear .	'They are difficult for their children to understand .
Which of the following is NOT true about the relationship going downhill ? The distance us gradually farther	'Visual contact is no longer commonly used in social connection
If you look at someone 's ears , the right way is look size , color shape	'to look at his face 
In which club will they win a baseball and a coupon for McDonald 's ice cream . ? Sparkey Spots Ball	'2007 Summer Reading Club
One of Sonia 's friends wanted a divorce because husband n't respect right privacy	'her husband always opened her letters
What can be learned from the passage ? Christmas Paige 's favorite festival .	"""Paige enjoyed watching pop stars ' DVDs on a trip ."
Mr. Flowers stayed in or near by his glass - houses free time beginning end school day	'at times when school - boys were walking near them
According to the passage , if the solutions were carried out ,     roads public transportation system would greatly improved	'more cars would be reduced and more roads would be built
What is the main idea of the passage ? Hu ' visit opens new   chapter China - US ties .	'The relation between China and the US .
What is the difference of the new licenses compared to those given to citizens ' ? They ca n't used travel airplane enter federal building .	"'The words "" Federal Limits Apply "" will abuse illegal immigrants"
It can be inferred from the passage that relationship Raffaello hurt Anne	'Anne split up with Raffaello because of Shulman
Alarmed by the situation , the UK government encourages single - sex classes co - educational schools	'co - education
We can learn from the passage that Tommy greatly influenced parents	"'the author knew Tommy often wrote to his parents', ""the author said a lot to make Tommy 's parents reunite"
Which one is the best title of the passage ? Facts Hints About Game Angry Birds	'The Unknown Game -- Angry Birds
"Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The chewing stick , called "" sothio "" , means "" clean""in east Africa ."	'The sticks with something special in it may stop many tooth problems .
It can be inferred from the passage that people careful receiving e - mails	'computer viruses are not so as destructive as mobile phone viruses
Which of the following can be a reason why people support the law ? Animals circuses ca n't live life naturally .	'Animals in circuses are given more respect and care .
According to what they say , which of the following is NOT TRUE ? Ted spends lot time watching favorite sport TV .	'Ben was pleased to leave school .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ?     One may get confused rather complex process information .	"'When Noah was diagnosed with a learning disability ', "" he did n't feel relieved ."
From the passage , we can infer that writer loves / stepmom much	'the gift the writer bought was loved by his / her father very much
What 's the best title of the passage ? A Dive Deepest Place Earth .	"""James Cameron 's Fantasy Films ."
Which of the following is right ? Sam Kumar plan make robot .	'No one will be happy to have a chore robot .
It can be inferred from the passage that in World War Two , No woman allowed war front Margaret Bourke - White	'Margaret Bourke - White gave up her job in Life magazine
Which of the following is TRUE ? Darius Turner regards Obama model .	'Obama answered the question asked in1963 .
What would be the best title for the text ? Are Boys Cleverer Girls ?	'Boys are Better at Maths than Girls by Birth
"We can find from the article that A blogger handle "" SKIPHOPZ "" source false news ."	'It spread slowly on the Chinese blogosphere and Twitter in the West
For what purpose does the author give the example of a cartoon in Para . 2 ? To inform people bad effects phubbing .	'To indicate the world will finally be destroyed by phubbers .
What situation was Hong Kong facing in the passage ? Fewer tourists visiting Hong Kong .	'The tourism business was developing quickly
Why did the farmer decide to bury the mule in the well ? Because n't want see mule suffer well .	'Because he thought the mule was of little use .
Which of the following service is offered by information booth volunteers ? Emergency First aid .	'Assistance in media service .
The passage tells us     viruses ever done great harm us human beings	'scientists have made a medicine that can kill all kinds of viruses
Which of the following statements about tourist submarines is RIGHT ? People enjoy tourist submarines waters around Okinawa .	'Tourist submarines only have a history of about 10 years .
What made the writer go through a change that summer ? One Mary 's paintings .	'A strange way of painting .
The main idea of the passage is OPEC increase oil production make shortfall caused Iraq	"'the oil prices were going up fast because Iraq had stopped oil deliveries', ""oil is connected with people 's daily life"
The organization Equal Exchange aims to    . offer support farmers	'promote chocolate sales
"If someone says to you "" Will you come for coffee ? "" , you asked chat"	'will be offered coffee only
The best title for this passage would be Homeschooling America	'Basic Skills for Later Life
From what Larry 's friend asked in the end , we know that     friend believe Larry said .	"""Larry 's trip was really dangerous"
This passage is about Halloween Halloween games	'when Halloween is and ghost stories
What is the author 's view on the tiger - shoots he has seen ? Modern hunters lack courage hunt face - - face	'Modern hunters should use more advanced weapons
The author believes the awards she has received n't necessarily reflect real self	'only mean that she knows how to learn 
What can be the best title for the text ? Qomolangma Become Huge Mess	'Test Yourself Against Qomolangma
We can conclude from the passage that writer n't like either e - mail style shortcomings	'the different e - mail styles do much harm to the relationship between the two sides on Atlantic
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? You find people sharing interests .	"""It 's a good way for all people to find their lover ."
Which of the following could be the best title of the passage ? Fun children	'A dollar 
""" Treasure Island "" adventures Jim Hawkins ."	'is a story about pirates .
The subject discussed in this text is     process reaching decisions	'the difference between poker and chess
If you are planning to explore the ocean depths , you should attend your lessons at Monday Friday : 6 : 30 p.m. ~ 8:30 p.m.	'24 hours from Monday to Sunday
""" One 's physical assets and liabilities don ' t count all that much in a managerial career.""(paral ) can be interpretated as whether one looks good bad , ' affect much one ' managerial career"	"""in one ' s managerial career "
What 's the main purpose of the passage ? To make us know make news release .	'To tell us the importance of the news release .
What would be the best title of the passage ? Some Alaska 's Polar Bears Are Losing Fur	'Loss of Fur Broke out Without a Reason
Which of following best summarizes the main idea of the passage ? Why stand lift reflects social status .	'Women are more attentive than men in the lift .
The author takes Marpesia berania for example in order to introduce butterflies sleeping groups escape danger	'introduce where butterflies sleep at night
By conducting the study , scientists found climate change blame lost civilization	'Mediterranean trees were rare in the Early Bronze Age
Which activity ca n't you do at the festival ? You make Maori food .	'You can eat Maori food .
The passage is mainly concerned with aging skin environmental factors	'skin cancer and environment
We can learn from the text that    students able attend lessons trip	'Leanne knows very well about the coming trip and will go with the group
Which of the following best states the main idea of the passage ? Philosophy universal appeal concerns everybody nature .	'Philosophical questions are as interesting as collecting stamps .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? The King could put people , let go , wanted .	'Over the years the number of prisoners in the Bastille was getting more and more .
The author 's purpose in writing this passage is to show taste preference highly subjective	'emphasize that taste and price are closely related to each other
A map showing the earthquake belts will tell people earthquakes may happen	'what kind of houses can stay up in an earthquake
"By saying "" Whitney could n't do it any better today "" , the viewer means Lin Yuqun sings well Whitney"	'Lin Yuqun has gone beyond Whitney
How did the little seed show who was the right person ? The king knew nothing could grow .	'A special flower could grow from it .
Which of the following sentences might Hoogewerf agree with ? Chinese companies need work hard improve finance management public relations .	'Chinese companies are satisfying and need no improvement .
Which of the following is Not True according to the passage ? The government refused admit decrease .	"'The demand for full time higher education has already "" returned to record levels "" ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? The businessman knew answer riddle .	'The two men made rules for their riddle .
Lucy wanted to eat bread butter jam	'tea and bread
Why were over 270 , 000 signatures collected ? To put healthy food schools .	'To keep school kitchens cleaner .
Nowadays , a major health risk that people face is Eating much fat	'Eating too much fast food
Which of the following might be the proper title for the passage ? Safety : When Paintball Meets Eyeball	'Parents : Keep Children Off Paintballs
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Heat cold damage corals ways .	'Corals are unable to adjust to temperature changes .
What would be the best title for the text ? Special Customs Colombia	'What People Do in Different Situations
The secret of language is that certain sound certain thing	'one sound might be as good as another
What is the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To present change views dirt .	'To stress the role of dirt .
In which hotel is parking free ? Beach Plaza Hotel	'Baymont Hotel
"By saying "" if the fuel is n't there , the spark is useless"",the author means ""   without carbohydrates , protein fat , vitamins minerals use"	'carbohydrates 
When can a student take a make - up test ? When 's sick take test .	"""When he does n't finish the paper in his test ."
What would probably happen to the grandmother after she read the note ? She would greatly moved   .	'She would ask her children to buy a new star .
Two kinds of roads will be needed in the future because big cars run faster little cars run slower	'there will be too many cars in the future
What is the text mainly about ? The development television .	'The shortcomings of television .
According to the passage , previous studies have shown that drinking coffee risk	'drinking coffee is perfectly healthy
Which of the following statements about zoos would the writer agree with ? Zoos provide caring living conditions animals .	'Zoo animals should be freed into the wild .
Women in the Alauddin Valley perhaps n't know much outside world	"""do n't want to do farm work any longer"
Why did the author decide to help the man ? To show girls importance helping others .	"'To show the man she was willing to help others .', ""To realize her mother 's wish to help the man "
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Do n't believe get know QQ easily .	"""Do n't go to meet those you get to know on QQ ."
The result of the first advertisement was that man wasted money advertising	'the man got his umbrella back
What can we learn from the studies of Carl Simonton , M. D. ? The treatment patient treating body mind necessary .	"""The medical treatment can cure the patient 's mental disease ."
The illustrators of the Illustrators ' Exhibition state category artwork clearly	'may reenter their artwork after it is returned
What does the author expect to show by Jeff 's story ? One realize wrong bad deeds .	'Honesty can be of great help .
Which of the following titles best suits the text ? Do flush toilet every time ?	'Stop flushing your toilet !
The studies show different personality Chinese Americans	'an American treats his or her mother badly
We can learn from the passage that green roofs promising future urban areas	'can help reduce city population
The most moving scene is that another old man also helped old man	'most of the passers - by helped the old man
What can we learn from the passage ? The amount sugar rats ate larger ordinary adult might eat day .	'The fructose - fed rats only showed changes in the collagen of their skin .
What happened to the author 's daughter according to the beginning of the passage ? She fell bike broke arm .	'She broke her arm at gymnastics .
It can be inferred from the letter that Wikipedia aims give free access sum human knowledge	'those donating to Wikipedia will be eventually employed as its volunteers
What is the text mainly about ? Reasons following others blindly .	'Effects of following others .
What is the main idea of this passage ? The brain controls body .	'The human brain works very fast .
We can know from the passage that lichens used better understand environment	"""lichens do n't have any differences in colors or sizes"
In this passage the author implies that men always stronger faster women	'women are slower than men 
The author often felt embarrassed because grandma spoke Vietnamese loudly public	'his Vietnamese was not beautiful enough
What is the writer 's opinion about the treatment that the Indians received from the U.S.government ? He believed government treated Indians unjustly .	'He believed that the government always respected the rights of the Indians .
Stuart Chapman believes that climate change cause massive extinction newly discovered species	'most of the newly discovered species can adapt to climate change
The passage is mainly about charities UK	'the history of the charities in the UK
In England , people think right color bride wear white	"'red is the color of death', ""it 's lucky to wear green at a wedding"
Christine Rumayor uses Lexy as a medical tool mainly because Lexy make patients feel relaxed .	"""Lexy wo n't talk about war ."
The text mainly tells us history Alcatraz Island prison .	'about the history of Alcatraz Island .
It can be inferred from the passage that fewer organic farms demand organic food goes	'people who eat food with chemicals have shorter lifespan
The result of research carried out by social scientists show that attractive people generally advantage	"""people do not realize the importance of looking one ' s best"
Why did the author take the history of classical music class ? He wanted get points course .	'He was very interested in classical music .
"Which is the best choice to complete Roger 's idea : "" The Country Bears have been a part of Disneyland for nearly 30 years,_. "" I sad Bears leaving"	'and I feel it is time to give our bears a good rest
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? The database described genetic makeup wheat .	"""The students ' research reached many fields ."
From the information in the passage , it can be concluded that the United States felt building canal Panama worth risk ruining relations Columbia	'wanted to build a canal because it was considered starting a war
What makes the birthday of Shakespeare dramatic this year ? The Flower portrait found fake .	'It was found that he painted a portrait in 1814 instead of in 1609 .
Rania thinks that world today , countries depend	'women have brought about great changes to the world
What will finally happen to Hiroyuki if he does n't get up ? He slide onto floor .	'A tape recorder will play a recording of his boss .
The writer mainly talks about Gloria Barron Prize story one winners .	'how to open up a website with the help of others
Which of the following statements is TRUE , according to the text ? Dogs exposed stimulation repetitively flight school .	"'There are no school for people to overcome the fear of flying .', ""Well - trained working dogs do n't need to attend the training ."
The area where the baby elephant can move around is decided by length rope	'the space covered by the elephant
The danger of air crashes grows every year because airliners getting larger air traffic becoming heavier	"""a pilot does not always hear a controller 's order"
What could be inferred from the passage ? The author would hopefully get bus .	"'The author booked his bus ticket with a Norwegian name .', ""The author paid the bus fare by traveller 's cheque ."
It is NOT true that lot sports time makes healthy	'everyone needs to do sports
Washington Roebling was forced to give directions workers flat nearby	'direct the building work on the bridge
What could be the best title for the passage ? How Competition Impacts Gas Prices	'Gas Prices Go Up or Down
What can be learned from the passage ? The author n't like learning Vietnamese young .	"""The author 's brother liked learning Vietnamese ."
When it is finished , the highway will not be used for taking travelers tour Antarctic	'giving supplies to the research station in the South Pole
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Ordinary people make difference people 's lives .	'Building schools can help people to have a better life .
From the passage , we can learn that technology vertical farming already mastered	"""scientists have n't developed the technology for vertical farming"
What do we know from the Coronary Artery Surgery Study ?    Quitting smoking always good effect people 's health .	'It examined about 2
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? About 270 people 13 countries participated study .	"'The study the team conducted has not been published yet .', ""The participants did n't need to download the app to participate ."
The author wrote the passage for Chinese mothers	'Chinese children
What is the significance of the new study according to this article ? It might inspire aircraft companies think ways improve efficiency .	"'It has proved that the "" V "" formation can improve in efficiency in many fields "
According to what Kyle Fredin said , we can infer that 's strange storm hit Colorado beginning June	'Colorado has never experienced such severe weather before
According to the passage , which of the following statements is true ? Chai started making documentary gave birth daughter .	'The documentary was made by Chai jing 
Which is the main idea of this passage ? Opera companies trying keep opera alive .	'Opera is famous for its long history .
According to Mr. Expert , why ca n't Joan tell her friends her feeling ? Her family experience stops .	'She is afraid of hurting her friends .
Diamond chose to study bridge players for the research because game stimulates part brain something immune system	'the players are good friends of hers
What is the best title for this article ? The perfect time something	'How can we work better
What made scientists think loneliness might make the body worse at fighting diseases ? Some studies showing people suffering loneliness fell ill died easily n't .	'Growing evidence of mental problems related to loneliness .
What can be inferred from the text ? A 15-year - old boy drive alone US .	'The UK has more teenager drivers than the US .
Dual - language programs in New York aim to help students learn better	'rid the students of homesickness
What is the purpose of releasing GM insects into the British countryside ? To kill pests feeding crops .	'To help some natural insects survive .
Why was the author angry with those drivers ? She thought drove slowly .	"""They did n't pay attention to the safety ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Lohan released two albums since 2005 .	'Lohan has played three films produced by Disney .
When it comes to resume writing , it is best to take cultural factors consideration	'follow appropriate guidelines for job hunting
"The best title    for the passage is ""   A School Dogs"	'How to Keep Dogs
Why do you think the writer writes this passage ? To encourage people make trip toParis .	'To praise the city ofParis
Which of the following is true ? Many people may never become great though good memory .	'Charles Dickens had a good memory because he was a famous writer .
When Haley and Hayley saw an injured seal wrapped in a blanket , they decided help animals	'asked Girl Scout for help
Scientists have made the predictions EXCEPT resources oceans never used	'people will order from home
We can reach a conclusion from the passage that writer 's wife kind person	"""the writer did n't agree with his wife"
UNESCO helps the States Parties safeguard World Heritage properties by providing technical assistance professional training	'building public awareness for World Heritage conservation
The best title for this passage should be Expressions stories	'The history of water
Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? Huang Xiaoyu thinks gentleman class .	'Wang Lichao thinks pretty - looking is enough for a lady .
What is the main purpose of this passage ? To entertain readers story mystery .	"""To warn readers about the dangers of mummies ' curses ."
Which of the following about Doctor Ysisuf 's experiment on Polycap in India is True ? Polycap proved basically safe effective .	'Polycap was tested for its five different combinations .
"What is mainly talked about in the text ? Expressions word "" mouth "" ."	"'Functions of the organ "" mouth "" ."
Why did the writer feel even more tired when he arrived in Paris ? Because flight long baby cried screamed whole trip .	"""Because he did n't sleep well the night before ."
Further education is created young people adults	'only for adult students
We can conclude from the passage that Many people wash hands properly .	'Most people wash their hands after going to toilet .
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To inform people findings research .	'To stress the importance of grey matter in our brain .
Why did the author mention the Kreditkassen Bank on Karl Johans Gate ? To suggest people could ridiculous stubborn .	'To introduce the cultural differences in northern Europe and England .
"What can we infer about "" comedians "" according to the text ? Comedians often use sad experience ."	"""Comedians ' life is full of jokes ."
Why was Mr. Gordon pleased with her daughter ? He thought want give life - guard much money .	'She was polite to the lifeguard .
Which is the best title for the passage ? Choosing Way We Live	'Make Our Lives Happy
Someone ca n't have a good memory if n't make good use memory	"""he ca n't read or write"
Mary told Mrs Herman cross street light green	'to cross the street until the light was red
What do you know about Andre Agassi Charitable Foundation ? Some disadvantaged kids get help .	'It is intended to help at - risk kids .
By using Charles Darwin as an example , the author wants to prove that eldest children less likely try something new	'eldest children are the smartest in a family
Annette Siefert feels guilty mainly because of water - use swimming pool	'being a typical water waster
Which of the following is true of Randy Grim ? He decided rescue stray dogs young .	'He is afraid of speaking out for dogs .
Wang Li is     Wang Fang 's	"""Mr Wang 's"
How could the LongPen be used in the future ? To improve credit card security	"""To keep a record of the author 's ideas ."
What is the new concept in robotics ? Improvement intelligence .	'Full control by the user .
"The best title for this passage would be ""    The Perfect Christmas Tree"	'How to Choose a Christmas Tree
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Yao Ming Olympic torchbearer   .	'The reason why Yao Ming retired is that he is too old .
What is the main idea of this passage ? We use cell phones remote controls future .	'In the future we will all need air conditioners .
From the story about the peacock and the tortoise , we learn that friend need friend indeed	'the tortoise was cleverer than the peacock
What 's the main idea of the passage ? College education tests guides life desires .	'College education promises an effortless life .
what can we do on Mona Island ? We explore caves scuba dive .	'We can eat fancy meals and have a good sleep in a hotel .
From the text , we can infer that whatever difficulties Donald meets , Jeremie help	'it was the firemen who saved Donald that night
What 's the best title for the passage ? Street Dancing Clothing	'Fashionable Clothing Styles
Which statement is correct about the park ? There lot Baobab trees .	'It is the largest park of its kind in the country
What can we learn about the current lecture system ? It far beneficial academically inexperienced students .	'Students take passive part in small discussion classes .
The writer wants to tell us that teachers help children pay attention printed words	'preschool children should have higher discussing skills
What is the purpose of the passage ? To show present situation young people living parents .	'To persuade children into living on their own after getting married .
What does the writer want to tell us in the passage ? Be good parents still chance .	"'Your parents will keep talking to themselves when they are old .', ""You will regret in your life if you do n't show your kindness to your parents ."
Which of the following statements is NOT mentioned in the passage ? It 's easier find needs find others ' .	"""A child 's needs change with his growth ."
According to the passage , Fern 's father thought that troubled raising weak pig	"'it was natural for pigs to be born small', ""he could n't afford to have so many pigs"
What did the author learn from her experience most probably ? Put oneself others ' shoes .	"""Have a good word for one 's friend"
At the end of the passage the author proposes more work on effects corpus callosum	'the brain structure as a whole
The main purpose of the text is to tell parents help teenager grow	'how to get along with a teenager
The passage is mainly about science fiction story	'aliens
Harris Interactive made the survey to find out U.S. workers - work drinks	'how U.S. workers spend their after - work time
It is true that money    helps people meet basic needs	'always makes people happier
The author helped Ben by offering him suggestion cheer	'a Christmas present
The writer tends to miss days A 's hard earn	'see grade inflation as unavoidable
What does this article want to tell us ? Life always beautiful although sometimes 's terrible .	'We should see the white dot in the black paper .
Which is the RIGHT way to feed your pet ? Giving cat cooked fish .	'Letting your dog drink from the toilet .
What can we learn from The Ugly Little Boy ? Enemies live peace beliefs .	'Time travel is not only a dream .
The main topic of the passage is telegraph network contributed expansion railroads	'the origin of the national telegraph
Whose music can help you do maths homework according to the study ? The music Mozart .	'The music of Justin Bieber .
The main reason why the author had n't lent the little man any money was that trust little man	'he never lent others any money
From the passage we can learn Tennis charge LTA	'There exist all professional county clubs in England .
Which of the following is right ? The girls made one goal first half .	'The girls even made 3 more goals than the boys in the second half .
The sun bright , gives strong light	"""is n't bright "
""" English Corner "" is a place people practice speaking English"	'to speak English only with foreign people
The writer 's boyfriend laughed at her because n't think could run marathon	'he thought she could run the marathon
What can we learn from the passage ? One work hard also use head .	'The boss should treat all his workers in a fair way .
What would be the best title for the text ? media United States	'American news and entertainment
In the passage , the writer tries to show important getting neighbors	'teach the basic rules of behaving well at home
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Advertising music help sell products .	'How to use music in advertising .
The best title for this passage is Newspapers Future Will Likely Be Computers	'Computer Newspapers Are Well Liked
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Most Australian supermarkets begun cutting use plastic bags .	'Plastic bags kill many animals in Australia each year .
From this passage we can learn ca n't judge    things people appearance	'we should break everything we find to look for jewels
Cellphones can be bad for kids because kids reduce personal communication	"'kids spend too much time playing games', ""kids do n't want to do their homework at home"
Which of the following is NOT true ? Li Ting 's grandmother looked father hospital .	"""Li Ting could n't do any chores ."
What is Eric Peterson 's opinion on the issue ? Schools try best help students .	"""Students should adjust to their school 's schedule ."
In what way is Ya Got ta Know It different from other books ? It offers readers ongoing context .	'It has the largest number of idioms .
What the writer of this passage wants to tell us most is that------------------ . advertisements benefit busy people many ways	'advertisements provide main features of new products
In Indiana schools , children choose learn cursive writing	'must learn cursive writing
From the passage we know love sometimes may make someone act he/ mad	"'People write songs ', ' poems and books to say love is the sweetest thing', ""nobody but Professor Semir Zeki has found love does affect people 's brains"
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? The couple set new home Nelson .	'The wife always complained about the life in Britain .
"By saying "" Lilac blooming could serve as an alarm bell "" , Jennifer meant blooming lilacs could predict happening wildfires"	'lilac flowers could made people feel anxious or afraid
The story of the woman is to show that attitude towards life plays important role people 's life	'the bundles on our shoulders can make us happy
What impressed the author most during the trip ? Pulling 's faces eyes .	'Playing cards and board games .
The new research is beneficial because it helps find better treatments mental illnesses	'provides a new way of avoiding mistakes
Homes of the future will different one another	'be completely different from those of today
What does the author think of the British men 's crying ? They brave face physical pain cry necessary facing problems .	'They should cry if hurt .
It seems ridiculous to the writer that expensive watches unnecessary functions still sell	"'expensive clothes sell better than cheap ones', ""cheap cars do n't run as fast as expensive ones"
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TURE ? Several great lakes existed upper parts Colorado River .	'Several volcanoes broke out on Mars directly creating grand canyons .
What is the main idea of this story ? Writers like Yoshiko Uchida look richness lives material .	'People who live in the city should spend as much time as they can in the country .
It can be inferred from the passage that cat killed without pain	"'the writer let the cat take medicine to sleep', ""most families there did n't want to raise a cat"
Which of the following is TRUE ? The writer left Chiang Mai Chiang Rai bus .	'Chiang Mai is a beautiful city in the south of Thailand .
"Why did the author say many "" please "" to her mother ? She eager basket ."	'She longed to do extra work .
Which of the following can be best title of the passage ? Aging problem China	'Chinese are afraid of getting old
Which of the following is NOT part of the new printing rule ? Employees receive warning automatically let go .	"""Each employee 's usage will be recorded ."
According to the writer , the artists love street art because want express feelings freely	'they enjoy travelling around the city
Why do the students took part in the One Yuan Metropolis Survival ? To help poor schools Tibet	'To get a chance to do part - time jobs .
The writer wants to tell parents that family members help overweight children lot	'overweight children are not loved by people
Which of the following can we learn from the text ? A hot towel offered ordinary restaurants Japan .	'You are asked to wipe your hands after a meal in a Japanese restaurant .
Children in North America often sports activities school	"""do n't go home until 7 or 8 o'clock at night"
We can infer from the text that developing nations . prepare population aging	"""do n't see population aging as an issue"
What is the passage mainly about ? What leads children 's bossy behavior .	'How bossy behavior can be controlled .
From this passage we learn that Blaine Ray 's method gets students grasp correct grammar unconsciously	'native speakers learn English grammar by listening to stories
According to the text , we know that power class always correspond	"""status refers to a person 's economic position in society"
According to the passage , which of the following does the author imply ? Information obtained unwillingly Internet permitted court .	'It is impossible to protect yourself from unintended uses of information online .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Make time attend family reunion .	'How to attend a family reunion ?
What can be inferred from the passage ? Yang Yang father twins .	'Yang Yang belongs to America .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? It 's hero , Sun Wukong .	"""It 's about a novel "
What does the writer want to tell us ? Everyone hide love deeply .	"""It 's important to keep peace in the family ."
While translating , the writer repeated the names of the characters to make translation clearer Turkish	'make full use of the direct sentences
Which of the following is TRUE to the passage ? Women allowed show beauty China .	'Miss World Beauty Contest first began in China .
From the passage we learn that The breathable air removed outlet eventually go back body water .	'a separator is used to expel breathable air back into the body of water
From the passage , in Latin America , want cut relationship somebody , give cutlery	'you must shake hands when you meet a person for the first time
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? China 's normal practice U.N. abstain rather veto .	'China often uses its veto power on international issues .
"Which of the following is NOT true according to the article ? Getting first place exam also considered "" cool "" ."	"'It is generally considered "" cool "" to be independent - minded and not to follow the crowd ."
What can be inferred from the passage ? The Underground Railroad way freedom .	'Black people were cared about by many white people .
It can be learned from the text that kids many electronic devices choose	'Brandon feels annoyed about his late - night message
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Data Servers Could Heat Private Homes	'A New Kind of Data Servers
The researchers found out that babies learn a language mainly by hearing closely watching others speak	'repeating the words of other people
From the story , we can see that boy good thinking	'the boy was stronger than the villagers
People who use the words you told them to hurt you are like second toy	'the first toy
Which of the following would be the best title of the passage ? Man Found Alive Being Stuck 8 Days Snow	'Thomas James Hanson - a Black Sheep in the Snow
Which might be the best title for this passage ? Time travel wins fans	'Time travel is universal
From this passage we know that Finnish students make better use Internet libraries	'the test can make the students lose their interest in learning
What did the author learn from her study in the advanced group ? The Irish teacher suitable .	'She could not learn a new language quite well .
The purpose of this passage is to attract people go tours	'introduce Tour One Inc. to us
Brent Scott and others ' experiments on bus drivers suggest that thinking positive way helps work efficiency	'bus drivers with pleasant memories tend to be less efficient
.According to Dr . Paul J.Veugelers , students who have a healthy diet tend perform better school work	'are more likely to fail in their school performance
What makes many of us choose junk food according to the author ? Eating habits .	'Positive feelings about food .
"The best title of the passage is most likely to be ""   Scientists Track Happiness Cellphones"	"""People 's Sense of Happiness Related to Mobile Phones"
If we travel by car , we can make timetable	'travel to a very far place in a few minutes
Cyberschools are getting popular because      . students work speed	'they are less expensive for students
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Ugly people unfairly treated society .	'Ugly people are most respected in Italy .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The stone bridge longer existence .	'Both the defeated Indians and their enemies believed the bridge was provided by the Great Spirit .
When the sweet pea plant finds something to hold onto , g - fiber cells side stem shrink , forcing stem bend coil	'g - fiber cells on both sides of stem 
What can be the best title for the passage ? Is Net speak Harming English Language ?	'Net speak : A Widely - Used Language on Internet
Which of the following is TRUE ? The man moved family opened business .	"""Nearly half of the man 's children went to college ."
What is the passage mainly about ? Dolphins humans similar ways .	'Dolphins are smarter than humans .
What 's more important for senior school students ? reading writing	'speaking
What life lesson do kids learn from skateboarding ? You succeed life n't give .	'To succeed in life you have to learn skateboarding .
Whom do the butterflies ask for help ?     Green Tree Rose .	'Green Tree .
According to the passage which of the following statements is true ? The union family unit plays important role harmonious society .	'Family problems cause young children to lock themselves in their bedrooms .
A decibel is a unit measures sound	'kind of noise
What is the purpose of the passage ? To tell us give life .	'To offer some information about India .
What is the writer 's attitude towards museums ? She suggests going museums *	'She warns the problems of museums .
Why does the writer suggest that the students recite the text ? Reciting texts improve ability applying English .	'Reciting the texts is the bestway of learning English .
What can we know according to the author ? Everyone make difference resisting negative peer pressure .	'Giving in to peer pressure is unavoidable .
If you are driving to Britain for your holidays , you probably will be interested in The Top Gear Guide Britain	"""I 'm Sorry I Have n't a Clue : The Best of Forty Years"
What can we infer about Bluetooth according to the scientists ? It wo n't possibly cause outbreak cell phone viruses .	'It can increase the chances of cell phone viruses greatly .
The writer feels sad because some people n't understand friendship	"'make wrong friends', ""do n't treasure friendship"
Which of the following can Be the Best title for the text ? Flying Makes Me Better Doctor	'CRM : A New Way to Make Flying Safe
We can infer from the passage that the reason why waiters and waitresses wear mariner uniforms is that want make people feel sea	'they find it comfortable to wear uniforms
The main cause of the problems of American newspapers is that people read news Web	'too many people read printed newspapers for free
Which of the following is NOT true ? Women clowns popular people .	'The clowns wear in a funny way .
What 's the most important work for a birdwatcher ? To identify birds .	'To feed the birds .
What surprises people most is that stars get money advertising sports	"'the word "" sport "" meant hunting animals"
Which of the following is true ? The girl 's opponent last match thought little finally lost game	'The girl won all the three matches so she finally won the tournament
What kind of person is Amanda 's father ? He man misses past .	'He is a man who cares little about news .
Which of the following is NOT true according to this passage ? Little Princess Trust name middle school .	'Barrett was proud of what she did .
To avoid the serious water shortage , which of the following is the most important ? Try find cheaper way get salt sea water .	"'Save water and try to make good use of the water in rivers and lakes .', ""Do n't pollute water and keep all rivers and lakes clean ."
"Which of the following is TRUE about "" English Only "" movement ? It launched English threatened ."	'Its purpose was to establish a legislation of restricting the use of English .
Two groups of sheep put together is one group	'two groups
The passage gives us an impression that desert plants shaped way designed somebody purpose	'more water is needed in desert so that more desert plants can grow there
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Yu Chen become wealth rise China 's economy .	"'Yu Pengnian is the only super - rich person in China who has the spirit of giving .', 'Chen Guangbiao is a real estate Chinese businessman .', ""When Bill Gates and Warren Buffett invited fifty of China 's richest people to have dinner with them "
What will be true about a human being in the future ? He hairless hair longer useful .	"""His fingers will grow weaker because he wo n't have to make use of them ."
"When you press Ctrl + D , you get another "" """	'will get lots of garbage
Many people ca n't help putting weight after the holidays because they      ca n't control	'enjoy delicious foods
According to Kaplan 's idea , nostalgia helpful	'nostalgia is sure to be harmful
How about travelling by taxi ? It 's expensive , taxi take people place want .	"""It 's cheap "
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? There three doctors Poe 's family .	'Poe is too busy to spare time for her family .
The five average students became top students mainly because of change teachers ' attitude	"'the change in the teachers', ""the teachers ' hard work"
What is special about Black Friday ? It wonderful time shopping .	'It is a good time to enjoy the experience .
The real solution to the gas shortage problem is     make gas - saving cars	'to make less cars
The author 's father advised him to earn money get wants	'learn how to use money wisely
Which of the following may help the gun problem according to Connie Faille ? close relationships people .	'Education about gun safety .
The best title for this passage is The Story Of The Merci Train	'American Museums Where The Boxcars Kept
The Chinese PE tests and the American Presidential Fitness tests are similar in     Students get scores .	'Students are tested twice a year .
After reading the story , what can we know about the film director ? He kind gave Larry try .	'He wanted to laugh at Larry .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? It 's important monitor baby 's weight height gain new parents	"""New parents should feel anxious about their baby 's weight and height gain"
Which of the following is TRUE ? A student aged 30 get extra money -- PS615 year .	'A student already attending a course of advanced education is sure to get a grant .
Why did the author say sorry to his father in the hospital ? Because rude father morning .	"""Because he did n't go along with his father ."
According to the story , Fleming n't accept money helping others	"""accepted the nobleman 's payment"
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? A legend Old West	"""Tabor 's Life ."
From the passage , we know that the writer likes two English students	'caught a bad cold that day
In the author 's opinion today 's children rarely seen enjoying outdoors	'frequently play on the playground
The students behaved badly in the writer 's classes because n't really understand	"""they did n't regard her as a good teacher"
According to the experts ' opinions , Cohen 's thinking correct	"""teachers should n't work too hard or too long"
If you want to watch wild life displays , you can go to Druridge Bay , Northumberland	'Bantham Beach 
The best title of this passage would be Easy Language Learning	'Hard Language Learning
If both you and your friend who live on the other end of your neighborhood have dogs , you may probably share similar skin ecosystem .	'have lived together without a dog .
By writing the passage , the writer seems to advise people become managers	'explain reasons for firing managers
The decision to stop giving students homework depends upon studies link homework academic success	"""students'wish to spend their time on activities or playing"
At the beginning of 2009 , the author felt blessed grateful second chance life	"""received a heart transplant but the operation did n't go well"
Which of the following descriptions best reflects the disappointed feeling of the Baron family ? The sun set , bats began fly evening light .	'The sun was so warm over the rich forests of the Odenwald .
The best title of this passage is Teleshopping Europe	'American Teleshopping
We learn from the text that the new type at pineapple is little soft outside sweet inside	'green outside and sweet inside
The example of chimpanzees shows animals may culture like	'animals are the same as human beings
What can we learn about the Independent Project ? There little involvement teachers .	'Normal school courses are also available .
Which of the following is true about vitamin D ? Vitamin D helps body fight cancer .	"""Vitamin D can decrease people 's risk of heart diseases ."
The City mouse think the Country mouse 's life is not good because food house bad	'the food is not good
If people have friends , they would live longer , because A C	'they feel happier and healthier
If you are fifteen and want to take part in the competition , you will study course St. John Ambulance Training Officer	'belong to the junior sections of the first aid competition
In the dinner , parents hoped to bread porridge children	'give the poor delicious food
Which of the following can we learn from the text ? Winning Pulitzer Prize Literature important Brooks .	"""Gwendolyn Brooks ' poems focused on black people in Africa ."
The best title for this passage is The Greatest Happiness !	'Lisa 
What would be the best title for the passage ? Lost Found	'My New Ring
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? College students ' tuition fees risen greatly .	'UKcollege students have to pay more ff they want to rent houses .
The passage wants to tell us reason young kill lies two main kinds	'a lot of young people choose death to escape from the society
In the prefix = st1 /United States , almost half of the high school graduates go colleges universities	'need not pay any tuition
What can be inferred about this school ? The students study harmonious environment .	"""The teachers ' main task is to train students'communicative abilities ."
After he graduated ,     began write poems age 29	'many people knew Wang Guozhen and his poems
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? The holiday popular since birth .	"'It was Dave Barry who made more people know the holiday .', 'Talk Like A Pirate Day is a young ', ' active and lively holiday', ""Thanks to John Baur and Mark Summers ' imagination and creativity "
What was the trouble in the little girl 's family ? Bother A B	'Her brother was seriously ill .
"Jean thought "" David "" was special because he made happy QQ"	'was from San Francisco
When he was quite young , Blackburn already business brain	'was already managing director of a company
Some do n't believe that the StarCraft class was opened in a university because n't think students allowed play computer games school	"""most students do n't like StarCraft ."
The best title could be How Create A Class Website	'Advantages on Setting up A Class Website
What 's the function of tears according to Bylsma ? It helps arouse attention .	'It helps human develop longer .
Why was the event planned ? To mark Sydney food festival .	'To attract more tourists to Sydney .
From the passage we learn that The experiments inside Tiangong-1 would extremely difficult conduct Earth .	'China has become the third country in the world to operate a permanent space station .
According   to   the   director 's   opinion ,   the   film   is   so   popular   among   Chinese   audience   because Chinese audience long cherish superhero	'the film is based on the household legend of the Monkey King
How many airplane seats did they put in a bus originally ? 34 seats .	'10 seats .
It can be inferred from the passage that sending messages phone attractive teenagers youths	'Katy was reading two messages when she ran into a tree
"An "" off- hand speech""is speech without preparation"	'a speech not longer than three minutes
How do the dogs recognize each other ? They use smell recognize .	'They use eyes to recognize each other .
Why does Mr. Byron Gong write the letter ? He asks permission website use material teaching .	'He intends to introduce to his students if Chinese Culture is worth learning .
What is the purpose of the vehicle restriction ? To reduce emissions caused vehicles .	'To call on people to use public transport .
As the author suggests , schools for troubled teens good choice desperate parents	'can completely help and change troubled teens
If you join NMAI , you can enjoy the following benefits except free meal Zagat - rated Mitsitam Native Foods Cafe	'free full - color quarterly magazine American Indian
According to the passage , the author may agree that Drinking green tea properly help keep healthy	'Ten percent of women suffer from breast cancer
What is the main idea of the passage ? Book pages could provide safe drinking water .	'Millions of people are in great need of drinkable water .
The passage     is mainly   about roads future	'the old roads
Which of the following may be one of the reasons for the popularity of the Super Bowl ? The performances halftime show appealing viewers .	'People can eat pizza 
What does the passage lead us to believe when one writes ? He use either left hand right hand .	'He can only use his right hand .
What can we learn about Caterpillar music ? The theme class changes every week .	'The class is different for every child .
Kara often had trouble breathing because born incomplete heart	"""she did n't stay long enough in the hospital"
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Fatimah girl made past fifth grade school .	"'Fatimah is a girl who shows signs of success for the future .', ""Fatimah 's father is now giving a lot of support to her ."
If you like children and you could offer a happy family to a homeless child , you may contact Littleton Children 's Home	'Street Food
What does the text mainly tell us ? One 's disadvantages may prove advantages .	'Computer technicians are more likely to be gifted .
Researchers asked a group of adult volunteers to complete three weeks of frequent endurance training in order to confirm findings also relevant people	'know if exercise can help to safeguard the mind against depression
The author advises us to do the following EXCEPT hold bitterness inside us	'to forgive the one who hurts you
"The word "" I "" in the passage refers to a permanent tooth"	'wisdom tooth
The author wrote the passage to advise readers value science , including evolution theory .	'tell the readers that many Americans refuse evolution theory .
At the age of 14 , Sanders helped clean medicine bottles hospital	'worked as a doctor in the hospital
Parents come to the Institute because they want develop abilities help children	'their children to become as intelligent as Leonardo da Vinci
Which of the following is true about the tango ? It often danced two male beginning .	'People of the upper classes loved the tango most .
"Why is Biomass considered as "" a sort of natural Battery "" ? It stores energy sun ."	'It keeps producing electricity .
Which hotel is the best choice if someone is extremely tall ? Bridges House Hotel .	'Hotel Juliana .
From the passage , we learn that person 's educational background included resume	"""we ca n't list the oldest experience first in a resume"
The passage is mainly about culture influenced Shakespeare influenced culture .	"""an introduction to Shakespeare 's life and his works"
Having a test in the first French class is to know French level course	'learn your speaking speed
Which of the following is FALSE ? Whenever hunger strikes , reach junk snack	'Every choice 
How did Mrs. Smith teach reading ? She read aloud , students could remember stories .	'She changed the story with the people in the books
If we want to make the roads safer , everybody must careful obey traffic rules	"""do n't cross the road too often"
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Talk , help better .	'Trouble of overweight Americans .
According to Zogby International , e - cigarettes popular among people want quit smoking	'are much safer than common cigarettes
In the book The Education of Millionaires , Michael Ellsberg discusses practical value college degrees	'approves of the value of education
The author holds that anxiety lead changes better	'anxiety is a good thing
The author mentions the masses of the Milky Way and Andromeda mainly to show studying dark matter could help answer scientific questions	'explain why the same object has a different weight on different stars
Why was the living door angry ? Because naughty children always kicked .	"""Because the owner did n't like him at all"
The writer sang high praise Crystal Palace	'thought the Crystal Palace very useful
Why are store managers often the last to hear complaints ? Shoppers would rather tell unhappy experiences people around .	"""Most shoppers wo n't complain even if they have had unhappy experiences ."
What would be the best title for the passage ? Device gives new meaning idea power walking	'First device powered by walking will soon be on the market
The best way to minimize the negative influence that computer viruses may bring is educate computer users	'to get the best 
Why do telephone offices put sweat odor on unpaid bills ? Because sweat odor reminder terrifying experience .	"""Because the sweat odor can change people 's attitude ."
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? So far three people died H7N9 bird flu .	'Four H7N9 cases have been confirmed in Zhejiang including the old man .
Why was the young girl crying ? Because giant given impossible job .	'Because she saw the ant .
Which of the following is true about the song . We Are One ? Three singers perform gether opening ceremony 2014 World Cup .	'It was the first number one of 2014 in the Official Singles Chart .
How are the cow wastes collected into the digester at Blue Farm ? The job done machine	'Marie Audet does the work
Which is the best title for this passage ? Be good listener .	"""Do n't be too clever"
Which way can not be used to promote school bus safety ? To encourages use bigger school buses rural areas .	'To set up standards on design and production of school buses .
What the World Health Organization said suggested that disease spreading fast Africa	'about 60000 people died of the disease each year
What would be the best title for the passage ? One Festival All	'Folk Music of Blues
Why does the salesgirl say that to Mrs. White ? Because wants Mrs. White buy dress .	'Because she loves Mrs. White very much .
What can we know about Jennifer Schuble ? She keeps exercising every day .	'She needs much help in daily life .
What may make the cable stay in place on the moon ? The pull gravity earth .	'The elevator car on the moon .
The article is focused on the topic that important experiments education	"'teenagers need more sleep than adults', ""students might need more hours ' sleep in the morning"
We can infer from the passage that Mr. Jefferson good riding horse	'the jockey had once bought a horse from another stranger
According to the passage , it can be learned that    car producers pay attention car identity	'many thefts occurred because the same keys were used
"Parents of "" nuclear "" families sometimes feel at a loss because always help family members child - raising"	"""they believe that such a family prevents the healthy growth of a child 's personality and talent"
Which of the following statements is WRONG according to the passage ? Handel quit job learn opera Italy .	'Handel was born in the same year with Bach .
What is true about Kays ? It family business .	"""It 's a brand   of curling stones ."
It is NOT true that this new technology incomparable result perfect development necessary rests	'is likely to be used widely to screen large number of people
The author felt hurt mainly because failed thing thought easy	'he got badly injured in the water
What may be the first step taken when the hijacked plane landed ? They kept plane away planes .	'They gave a sudden attack at the hijackers .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Female penguins take care eggs .	"'Female penguins often have their new husbands .', 'Male penguins use their ears to choose wives .', ""Male penguins do n't move when they take care of eggs "
Which of the following is NOT true ? Street food costs much tasty .	'Odeng can be made into all kinds of shapes .
The text is mainly about problems diver faces deep sea	'special mixture of gases in the deep sea
Hong Kong Disneyland is built by Hong Kong government r}:id Walt Disney Co.	'Hong Kong
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? People always satisfied part life .	'Life is less interesting for old people .
Can the girls answer the teacher 's question ? No , ca n't . Because may give different answer .	"'No ', "" they ca n't . Because they ca n't remember which tire is flat ."
The tension between teenagers and their families is caused by the fact that parents teenagers n't pay attention 's feeling much	"""teenagers do n't like to take family demands"
What is possible future benefit of the cell - based gadget for people ? To detect disease earliest point .	'To help improve the memory .
The McKinney Act is mentioned in this passage in order to show that educational problems homeless children recognized	'the estimates on homeless children are hard to determine
What does the story mainly talk about ? The successful planned language - Esperanto .	"'Advantages and disadvantages of Esperanto .', ""Men 's dream of sharing the same language ."
The writer thinks that people feel existence Christmas spirit anyhow	'there are too many business activities before Christmas
The author mainly wants to tell us Americans pay less income tax many others	'how Americans use their taxes
How can e - schoolbags have all the things for study ? They made chips .	'They are called e - textbooks
This story is mainly about how the writer survived island	'kept goats in the fields
Which of the following reflects the author 's opinion ? Let nation judge facts wind power .	'Increase political impact on energy policy .
Why is a microblog different from a traditional blog ? Because microblog smaller contents traditional blog actual total file size .	"""Because a microblog does n't include pictures "
The three letters present viewpoints on real source road danger	'ways to improve road facilities
How did the old hunter know the tiger was a man ? He saw tiger run two feet .	'The tiger came to the village only at night .
Which of the following is WRONG ? If want learn foreign language , choose useful one .	'Many people go to other countries to get a better life .
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Using hands - free phone less likely cause accidents .	'The author is not quite experienced in driving yet .
We can learn from the passage that highquality friendship most probably results from positive parental involvement social skills	'social skills and good study habits
Which would be the best title for the passage ? Super - level Watches ? Not Me !	'My Expensive Childhood Timex
What was the tradition of Valentine 's Day before the 15th century ? Singing .	'Sending cards .
"What does "" a new kind of school "" mean ? A school , linked Internet ."	'A newly built school .
This passage is about new product	'how to choose the Apple Watch
According to the study , which group showed the greatest improvement ? Those dreamed maze sleeping .	"""Those who did n't sleep ."
How did the writer make her dream of playing the piano come true ? She taught English exchange piano lessons .	'She was admitted to a university for a second degree course in music .
The people of Kipling , Saskatchewan wanted to attract people come live	'give all the houses on Main Street away
Which of the four statements is a fact ? The mother wished writer face misfortune bravely .	"""The severe damage to her sight and face were n't recovered ."
From the advice offered by the author , we can conclude that Yoga clubs standard teachers	'Yoga has nothing to do with culture
What can we learn from the two - part experiment ? Participants part 2 received one message .	'The time of the test in two parts was the same .
Which of the following about the Qinghai - Tibet Railway is TRUE ? Wild animals special underpasses go .	"'It is not the highest railroad in the world .', ""It 's the longest railroad in the world ."
According to the passage , which of the following statements is true ? Pasteur 's wife help work ..	'Pasteur was a scientist and doctor as well .
What might be the most suitable title for this passage ? Americans Show Interest Learning Chinese	'Chinese Gains its Popularity with Most Americans
At the end of the passage the writer suggests that single - sex necessarily make school better	'single - sex schools are the best schools in the UK
We may infer from the text that in the past in American schools many differences boys girls	"""boys could do everything but girls could n't"
Mr Wang paid for a new school . Some people did not like the design of the school but they did not argue with Mr Wang because pays piper calls tune	'once bitten 
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The Top Restaurant performed He Jinping	"'Super Baby ', "" a children 's play "
Lily first went to see Mr. Huang to ask herbs kill mother - - law	"""ask him to cure her mother - in - law 's illness"
What is the passage mainly about ? The benefits learning languages .	'The reasons why people come toAmerica .
What 's the main idea of this passage ? The teenage smoking become serious problem China .	'The teenagers think smoking is a symbol of being an adult and independence .
What do students and teachers often ask ? How learn English well .	'How to speak English well .
The writer mainly wants to tell us that lying college degrees becoming widespread problem	'college degrees can now be purchased easily
Which of the statements is true of my uncle ? His conflict lady arose attached churches .	'He loved church activities more than anything else all his lifetime .
"According to the writer,""Leslie "" in your letter should be the person that know may still know future"	'will become your friend in ten years
The mimic climbs to the lion 's cage because wants attract attention audience	'he finds it more interesting to climb the cage
If you are the best tomato gardener you will given prizes winner	'eat tomato dishes for free
Why did n't the fish eat our night crawlers ? The reason clear .	'The fish were not hungry .
What can be concluded from the passage ? Replacing present terms court help reduce violence .	'Players should be educated to respect referees on the court .
Which of the following is true according to the author ? Once smoker stopped smoking , almost chance cancers .	'A person drinking tea regularly will not be likely to suffer from cancer .
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Sina Weibo users n't care trip would bring .	"""Michelle Obama will visit the western historic city of Xi'an and the southern city of Chengdu ."
When people hear themselves eating , they can likely eat less	'be happy to take in food
In this passage , the author is mainly concerned about problems cloned child	'the future of a cloned child
On TV what usually happens when a person turns it on ? The news shown always someone person knows .	"'The program shown is always about the importance of TV .', ""The person always turns off the TV when it 's time for news ."
We can infer that this programme was developed for children 's intelligence spans	"""children 's attention spans in mind"
"You may need some special clothes when playing "" let 's pretend "" games"	'telling stories
The owners of the Fun - Vii can reflect their mood by changing color inside car	'downloading images to change the outside
Which of the following is mentioned    in the passage ? Computers help us make telephone calls .	'Computers can help us e - mail our friends .
Which of the following statements is true ? The program intended promote Chinese culture .	'The courses mainly focus on university education .
Why is the plot of Jurassic Park not going to become a reality ? Because impossible find DNA dinosaurs fossils .	'Because dinosaurs are forbidden to be brought back to life .
We can infer from the passage that students receive red markings papers may worse .	"""many educators still prefer to give red markings on students ' papers ."
What do we know about the Bodleian Library ? It smaller British Library .	'It lies in Magdalen College .
Why did n't Ralph go back to the North Pole ? He air - sick .	'Bunny asked him to stay .
The passage mainly wants to tell us historical change Mother 's day	"""how to celebrate Mother 's day"
The writer told this story to show us everyone something future	'wise men ore sometimes stupid
What could the girl in the ticket office do for the passengers without asking the computer ? She could nothing .	'She could sell a ticket .
In the experiment when doing proof -reading with dance music on , the participants could increase their speed by     20 per cent	'75 per cent
Which would be the best title for this passage ? Baby life saved : teenage heroes earn high praise	'How a baby was saved after swallowing an earring
What measures should be taken to ease the current crisis and avert the potential for a global disaster ? All .	'to scale - up the dramatic success of Malawi
Which step is n't mentioned in the passage ? Talk problems	'Try to give a reason
The passage is mainly concerned with use colors cells affect criminals ' psychology	'the relationship between colors and psychology
Why did Joyce often buy a doll for her as a birthday present every year ? Because dolls made Joyce think never - received gift given parents .	"'Because Amy liked dolls .', ""Because Amy 's mother Joyce liked dolls ."
Which of the following statement is TRUE ? E - notebooks convenient students .	'All the students in China will be required to use this new schoolbag soon .
What did the participants have to do in the study ? Finish tasks music without music .	'Persuade their parents to listen to music .
It was very funny when Tom danced on a wooden plate held by a person who was eight feet tall because difference would make Tom look even smaller	'the wooden plate would make it sound as of Tom were tap dancing
According to Teresa McKirma , staff 's work difficult finish	'entertainment is impossible in the hotel
What can we infer from the passage ? There long way go material applied .	'The colorchanging molecules are certain to be used outside the lab .
The roommate laughed all the way home because the writer would listen left house	"""was embarrassed when he could n't pay his breakfast"
Which is NOT true according to the text ? The couple n't pay co - pay Kiko half job .	"""It is hard for the couple to explain the dog 's behaviour"
What is the best title of the passage ? American grandparents responsible grandchildren	'Woelfel Research Inc. and AARP
Dangerous animals were caught or killed outside the park so as to A B	'free the rest of the animals from worry or fear
Which of the following is TRUE ? About 2,000 women overcome challenges year .	'Around 6
Generally , when an American or an Englishman speaks English , he often makes mistakes	"'never makes mistakes', ""ca n't make mistakes"
From the passage , we can conclude that what Zeldin does is attempt promote thinking interaction	'a try to liberate people from old - fashioned ideas
In the writer 's opinion , in the future , newspapers cover scientific research	'more big political affairs 
What is the main idea for the text ? Green technology always green .	'Alternative energy is economically practical .
Why did the students think the exam was easy at first ? Because allowed bring books notes text .	'Because it was their last exam in the college .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is official name whole country	'part of Britain
Tanzania and Zambia asked for permission to sell stocked ivory	'Sell elephants
What kinds of clothes are the children wearing when Mr Brown sees them ? White caps , blue coats yellow trousers .	'Blue caps 
The writer spent much happy time doing memorable things with father EXCEPT that father taught nature , science , history	'father sang songs for her before bedtime
The suitable title for the above passage is Giving No More Quarters	'Giving No Quarters
What can we infer from the passage ? Eating apples may bring us advantages might believe .	"""People who have the habit of eating apples do n't need to see a doctor ."
Why did the cougar drop the baby ? Because scared noise made Ian 's shouting .	'Because Hagar rushed to grab the baby from its jaws .
From the passage we learn that outfits even dress dog way like .	"""with our outfits you 're sure to be frightening or scary ."
"What 's the main idea of the passage ? Say "" I love "" family ."	"'Say "" I love you "" a lot to Chinese people ."
What can we learn from the story ? People never ungrateful .	'Good wood comes from pear trees .
Why Mencius and his mother were quite poor ? Because father died Mencius child .	'Because his mother cut the cloth .
What was the problem the author had with his house ? Bats living barn would n't go away .	"""The author and his son could n't sleep well because of the bats"
The headwaiter told another waiter to     stop farmer tying cloth round neck	'take some food to the farmer
Why do young people seem more willing to take adventures ? Because dorsal - lateral prefrontal cortex appears undeveloped .	'Because some researchers have been studying and encouraging them .
The officials asked Diana to give some lessons because they thought could teach workers communicate better deaf customers .	'she started signing at about five months
From the passage we know writing letter better sending simple card mom Mother 's Day .	"""you can buy a big cake for your mom on Mother 's day"
At first , cane toads were brought to Australia to protect sugar cane crop	'kill snakes 
The writer of the article seems to agree look bright side future	'with those who take a pessimistic view about the future
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Liu Yaorong spent 8.5 hours usual covering roads escaping flood .	'The flood was followed by an earthquake in Xuanping in the same day .
Which of the following is NOT true ? The Internet big computer .	'The Internet is lots of computer networks .
"What are the "" two birds "" that the city government kills with only one stone ? The danger fire neighborhood overflowing dump ."	'Both the sheepherder and goat - herder will work for the city for half of the money
What did the old man do after the police officer told him the news ? He usually next day .	'He locked the door and went to the subway at once .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Anne Longthorp loves job farming pigs .	'Most young people in Britain will like the career of farming pigs .
This passage is about game	'a rope
From the passage we know that author n't like playing computer games	'the author is a fan of computer games
"Why does the writer say "" laughter is mostly about social responses rather than reaction to a joke "" ? people communicate laughing ."	"""because laughter is the same sound in all the human 's languages ."
What can we learn about the future English language ? Many different kinds Englishes appear .	'British English will be more popular .
Climate change talks have become bogged down because countries can not agree on pay cleaner technology needed tackle   climate change	'who should be responsible for causing climate change
On that sunny afternoon , the writer was surprised when he saw Bill because thought late Bill still fishing	'he thought Bill was ill 
What 's the passage mainly about ? The automated way motivation .	'The development of Autom .
It can be concluded from the passage that computer crimes serious problem operation financial institutions	'it is still impossible to detect computer crimes today
What 's the writer 's main purpose in writing this article ? To show disadvantages way people communicate today .	'To inform people about means of communication in the past .
English was first spoken in England	'Britain
If you do n't finish the test you continue next day prior arrangement	'must turn in the paper on time
Which of the following is TRUE ? The restaurant popular John 's city .	'The restaurant is big and clean .
Why could n't Fern control herself ? Because pig treated unfairly .	'Because she was afraid of killing a pig .
More than half of the victims changed their opinion because thought eyes must cheated	'someone in the group changed their opinion
If you are not feeling very tired , may jogging	"""you are very healthy and need n't do more jogging ."
What about the officials ranking below minister - or - governor levels in terms of official vehicles ? They use cars whenever officially necessary .	'They can still possess special cars .
From the passage , we know many students thought highly Landsberry 's action	'one of the wounded students died later in the hospital
What is the main topic of the passage ? Alice Walker 's reflection Langston Hughes .	'The influence of Alice Walker on the writing of Langston Hughes .
Why does n't the author give money to street people ? He convinced use rightly .	"""He does n't think they need help ."
The author writes this passage to advocate using boxes store wine k@s5u	'call on people to drink less wine
According to the passage , a community garden    sometimes top roof	'will replace other community projects
The purpose of taking notes is to help find way running fits	'remind you of where to have new shoes
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the survey ? More half teenagers survey n't like Japanese .	'Many teenagers have met a Japanese .
What would be the best title for the text ? A brief history competitive archery .	'Archery at the Olympic Games .
The main idea of this passage is that late marriage respected	'marriage is a duty to society
What 's the news story mainly about ? A Palestinian girl blew kill Israelis .	"'Andaleeb ', "" her father 's favorite daughter ."
If the present rate of increase continue , earth wo n't able support growing population future	'the world is going to end
If you want to learn the slang from the latest Hollywood films , you can choose American Slang	'American Idioms and Some Phrases Just for Fun
The result of Holmes - Rahe 's medical research tells us way deal major events may cause stress	'what should be done to avoid stress
Which is true according to the passage ? Most young people live similar life parents	'All the young British people are employed 
People feel tired after yoga because force yoga poses	'they consume energy in practicing yoga
We can infer from the test that The research carried France	'Mona Lisa was painted in 1503 at the latest
What is the cliche according to the passage ? boring ideas sayings used often .	'the English full of slang words .
One can conclude that the Olympic Organizing Committee struggled definition amateur years	'has held firm to its original vision of the Olympic games
When Katrina Poe began her work at the beginning , it was difficult because accepted local people	'there were few patients in the town
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To give advice lose weight .	'To advise people to eat apples every day .
What changes can be found in an angry brain ? Unbalanced patterns found prefrontal areas .	"'Balanced electrical activity can be spotted .', ""Electrical activity corresponds to one 's behaviour ."
What 's the best title of the passage ? Your Nose Knows	'Your Eyes Knows
A spokesman for Education Secretary benefited dogs others	"'once used a dog as classroom assistant', ""sang high praise for Dyble 's idea"
What 's the main idea of the text ? The lack career - based education US high schools .	'Remarks on recent US high school education reform
Shakespeare was born and buried two different places	'in the room where he wrote his plays
Zach let Bradley drive his car because wanted get well Bradley	'he wanted to teach Bradley how to drive
Form the passage we can conclude that the author frightened earthquake	'is a panda researcher from Britain
What is the author 's main purpose in writing the text ? To prove kids benefit lot working moms	'To show how to teach kids about careers
The passage is mainly intended to    attract people use Start Wire	'prove the advantages of Start Wire
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Chinese attitudes towards meal seem complicated westerners ' .	'Westerners will share the food in their plates with each other .
When you ride in a car , the first thing you must do is put seat belt	'to pay the driver
In the writer 's opinion , why should people wear bicycle helmets ? Because conditions roads poor dangerous ride .	'Because many people like wearing bicycle helmets .
Which of the following is an appropriate title for this passage ? Ready One - way Trip Mars	'Ready for a Round Trip to Mars
Which of the following is the best title for the passage above ? Gliese 581 g , Likely Living Planet	'Gliese 581 
What is the main idea of this passage ? Advice choose right pair running shoes .	'Advantages of wearing running shoes fitting you .
When Artie Shaw became an adult , showed growing interest jazz music	'he worked for Columbia Broadcast System radio network as a singer
Which of the following could be the title of the passage ? Gratitude among Ashes .	'The Year from Hell .
In response to the threat of online business , the brick - and - mortar store owners opened online stores	'have stopped their traditional businesses
You can do all of the following things on Goodreads . com EXCEPT buying kinds books like	'receiving books signed by the authors
Which of the following eating habits is NOT proper in terms of maintaining good health ? Vegetables , meat water .	'A suitable quantity of each kind of food .
By studying the cave art , scientists know something about humans spread across world	'how ancient people crossed the North Sea
According to the passage , which of the following tells you need sleep ? You n't want get .	'You use up a lot of energy .
The passage mainly suggests that people paid attention importance dress	'now men pay more attention to their clothes than women do
Which of the following statements about Suzhou classical gardens is NOT true ? They came time .	"""They are parts of China 's precious cultural heritage ."
What is the best title for the passage ? Let 's fight air pollution	'A report about air pollution
What is the purpose of this text ? To give advice new high school students .	'To tell the new students how to learn in high school
According to the passage we can infer that author 's father rich .	"""the author 's father did n't love him ."
According to the passage , people in the USA live kind side - - side society	'share American customs and cultures
According to the passage , we know that size product effect shoppers .	'greens 
If you want to take part in the course , you must    fill application form	'pay for a one - month course
Shakespeare is honored in the following ways except live show Shakespeare Stratford - upon - Avon	'a great number of free events in Stratford - upon - Avon
Which of the following about the UK is TRUE according to the passage ? People UK pay European average fuel , food , alcohol cigarettes .	'People in the UK enjoy the highest quality of life .
An important difference between PEEL and non - PEEL classes is that in the PEEL classes attention paid students ' ideas	'the teacher does not give the usual scientific explanations
What 's the best title of this passage ? Nowadays : means use communication	'Nowadays : do you like leaving others a voice message
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Latest information long - life concrete bridges .	'The causes of road accidents .
We know from the text that Ginger Gray sees drinks meet health standards	'manages the Dixie PIT program in Kenton Country
Narwani and her team found that many people know importance protecting wildlife	'many species die out because of human activities
What 's the best title of the article ? Wake late excel	"""It 's never too late to learn"
The article concludes that mental ability evolve animals	'our pets understand what we say
A dolphin makes a sound to give information dolphins	'show other dolphins they are happy
What 's the best title for the passage ? Return Slow Reading .	'Benefit of Reading Clubs .
If you are interested in how to make beer , you can visit Anheuser Busch Brewery	'The St. Louis Zoo
Why does a mother - to - be register a wish list of things ? To prevent others buying repeat items .	'To remember to buy the necessary things for her friends .
The King children are mentioned to show that Money necessarily mean happiness .	"""The King family is rich while Beth 's family is poor ."
We can learn from the passage that buildings Kizhi Island made wood	'the largest collection of Russian arts is in the Hermitage Museum
The writer did n't tell the agent the truth because felt embarrassed	"""he thought it none of the agent 's business"
Please choose an appropriate title for the passage . Summer .	'Children in Summer .
Which of the following is TRUE about the study on language skills of pre - school children ? Project STAR aims research results reading books pre - school children classroom .	'Many teachers want to change their way of teaching pre - school children .
What is the text mainly about ? Suggestions becoming confident speaker .	'Good ways of studying English well .
What would be the best title for text ? Does swallowing chewing gum matter ?	'How does our digestive system work ?
"What can we learn from the story ? Parents sometimes need their""Angel Joy "" ."	"""Dolls are every little girl 's dream toys ."
"By "" I could n't put my fingers on it "" , the writer means that I could n't tell exactly different Grandpa"	"""I was so busy that I could n't give a hand to Grandpa"
What 's the main idea of the passage ? London starts new bike hire scheme .	'London needs better measures to cut traffic .
What can we learn about the tsunami waves generated by the earthquake ? The tsunami waves destructive .	'The tsunami waves as high as 25 meters arrived immediately after the earthquake .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Most goldfish ca n't live long .	'Watching TV is good for our health .
A diamond dealer is a person diamond business	'who stole diamonds
What will happen in the eighth week ? The marriage come breaking point .	'The couples will have a baby .
The story shows that plans n't work	"""dogs do n't like to eat"
What Safyer says suggests that reward systems often used wrong time place	'reward systems are quite limited in developing abilities
Why was the raven angry with the swan ? The swan beautiful white feathers	'His own feathers were as white as snow .
Which of the following statements is true ? The author 's brothers sisters good music languages .	'The author believes that a born naturalist can not be scientist .
We can infer from the text that difficulty promoting technology	'no car manufacturers show interest in the technology
How does Lettrs work according to the text ? By combining letter writing Internet .	'By providing real paper for letter writers .
If the passage was continually written , the following might be measures end age diesel bus	'measures to replace the old and used vehicles
All the statements are true except employee makes difference	'the situation has improved but the job market is still weak
When children get older , they begin ways thinking	"""do n't believe their parents any more"
Some sea animals can keep themselves warm because thick fur	'they are big animals
Which of the following is NOT the result of the research from the University of Montreal ? Exercise improve level concentration .	'Exercise helps our brain make the most of oxygen .
Which of the following is NOT a benefit    of going on a friendship holiday    according to the author ? You good chance make new friends .	'You can relax on the holiday .
What did the writer worry about ? Her friend would get great trouble boy .	"""Her friend 's parents would be worried about their daughter ."
Dr. Marcy thinks that life may exist in the 55Cancri system because found system similar solar system .	'he has discovered an Earth - like planet there .
Which of the following best expresses the main idea of this passage ? Gift - giving may reveal giver 's   personality way ,	'Most gift - giving shows the spirit of love and friendship .
According to some studies , which is to NOT the possible effect of giving children unusual names ? Children unusual names get chances future .	'Children with unusual names are more likely to be made fun of by others .
Before Parbati studied in a boarding school , spent time hunting father	'she learned how to sing love songs
Why do British people like telling lies , according to the spokesman for One Poll ? Because British people considerate .	"""Because it 's easier for others to understand lies ."
"Which of the following is true about the name Lego ? It came Danish words meaning "" play "" "" well . """	"""It was created by Ole Kirk Christiansen 's son ."
What 's the result about Dr Ruvio 's research ? Shopping ca n't lower one 's stress expected .	"""Impulsive spending does good to people 's health ."
Which of the following is NOT necessary for a young man who wants to drive a car alone ? He learn drive driving school .	'He should get a special two - year driving license .
What do we know about Mrs . Ohama from the text ? She enthusiastic public service	'This was the first time she gave speech to graduates
What does the last sentence of the passage mean ? The scientific method way describing research way .	'The hypothetico - deductive method plays an important role in carrying out a research .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Tom looks brother first glasses .	'Tom finds the glasses in the schoolbag .
"The best title of this passage is ""    What Do You Want Me ?"	'How Do You Believe in God ?
Alice had never telephoned her mother because mother n't telephone	"""she did n't want to spend money on calling"
It can be learned from the passage that Melissa Hawkinson kind courageous .	'Melissa Hawkinson was a 41-year - old nurse
The text is mainly about practical strategies cutting household expenses	'a pleasant journey for mainland Chinese to Hong Kong
It is implied that criteria set according real situation applicants	'to evaluate a right person is more difficult than to evaluate equipment
Which of the following is NOT the measure that China has taken to guarantee better Internet information and service management ? Monitoring harmful information blocking overseas hostile forces .	'Promoting real - name registration for Internet use .
The passage is intended to promote different salt shakers	'tell how to choose salt shakers
It can be inferred that the Institute of Children 's Literature is children taught writing Jan Fields .	'where Jan Fields graduated
I suggested that they stay at bed and breakfast houses because would able practise English	'there would be no problem about finding accommodation there
Why does the author think it is not easy to be admitted to the program ? Because people care Olympics .	'Because too many people want to watch the game live .
What is the purpose of this passage ? To inform readers several aspects asthma	'To explain the cause of asthma
The cell got its name because of shape	"""Hooke 's favourites"
Li Ming is    Li Lei 's	"""Mr. Li 's"
We can infer from the passage that people able change skin colour without chemical treatment future	'people like to change their skin colour
What can we learn from the passage ? Perhaps writer drive car less .	"'Polar bear fur is white .', ""It 's harder for polar bears to find food in summer ."
What is the best title for this passage ? Young people 's high hopes create despair	"'Young people afford to continue their study', ""Young people ca n't afford to buy a house"
Barrie took Star everywhere he went because wanted care Star	'he had never seen a duck like Star
What do we know about California sea lions ? Males much larger females .	'They swim faster than any other sea animal .
From the passage we can infer that public manners play important role life	"'cell phones have become the most useful tool in our life', ""cell phones lead to people 's bad relationship"
From the passage , we know busy streets good places running	'jogging means running quickly
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? It important get habit taking nap dinner .	"""You must n't take sleeping pills in order to get a good night 's sleep ."
We can tell from the result of the poll that many kinds expressions gratitude	"'"" thank you "" is the most popular expression of gratitude"
The dragon is mentioned several times in the passage because stands blood running every Chinese	'the vase with the dragon on it is very valuable and beautiful
Now many students would prefer a university far away homes	'which can give them free accommodation
Which process explains that there might be risks in nanotechnology ? expand surface area -increase interactivity - change functionality - cause possible dangers	'expand surface area - change functionality - increase interactivity -cause possible dangers
What do we know about rain gardens ? They usually need least inch rainwater week .	'They need little water after all the plants are planted .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The author 's study affected eyesight first .	'Despite his bad eyesight 
According to what Jack said , the last wolf eaten wolves	'ran much faster than the other wolves
Which of the following is NOT the child of Charles Willson Peale ? Sarah Miriam Peale .	'Titian Peale .
Why are there fewer children with myopia in Sydney than in Singapore ? Because Sydney children outdoor sports .	'Because Sydney children watch less TV .
Which of the following narrations is True ? The man lost face front 12 guests breaking wind .	'The wife pretended to make a telephone when her husband was blindfolded .
At first , the residence director thought college students would donate something , much	'it was impossible to expect the college students to donate anything
What should college life be like in most people 's opinion ? College students involved partying .	'Making assumptions is part of college life .
The passage is mainly about letter space makes students care astronautics	'what the students think of the manned space program
According to the text , the research mainly deals with     emotions affect music - color connections	'how colors or music influence our emotions
What did David plan to do with the pillowcase ? catch creature closet	'keep the creature from coming out of the closet
From what Neil Harkins says , we can know Temar friends heroic thing .	'Temar is a boy with little courage .
Who owns the recipe of making the best strawberry jam ? The writer 's mother .	'Aunt Fanny .
What made the white South African lady angry ? She sat next black man .	'She had to find the attendant to complain .
According to the author , fish are most likely to be found shallow water waterside trees .	'in deep water on sunny days
Americans think it to be wrong    late school	'to work early
Which of the following statements will the author agree with ? Dogs right treated kindly .	'Cruelty to animals deserves more attention than global warming .
What can we learn from the text ? The number people died Haiti 's earthquake unclear .	'It is difficult for small organizations to get volunteers .
It can be inferred from the text that the author cared much children	'could not stand living in a wooden house
The writer of the passage feels disappointed that mentally healthy people popular physically healthy people	"""some people do n't have the skill to make good decisions"
According to the passages , a person who sees a tornado in his area , had better Not drive car away fast possible	'stay on the ground floor but lie down under a bed
Opening Hearts is a book that written Sam mother	"""is about Sam 's sister"
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? In leaving behind wellmeant , Nobel succeeded setting permanent monument interests ideals .	'His wonderful will surely provided other scientists with a large sum of money .
According to the speech , which of the following can be implied ? Some government officials n't agree president medical care system .	'Health care costs are growing at the slowest rate in 50 years .
Electricity sends out radios waves from broadcasting aerial tall tower .	'you radio set
We can infer from the text that students take lots time get ready homecoming	'Homecoming is more important than graduation
From the passage , we know author 's father lived long man 's mother died young	"""the author 's mother died young and her father "
"The students were asked write composition "" income tax """	'to answer some questions on income tax
Which of the following statements is true ? Online writers accepted readers organizations .	'Han Han has already finished writing Ta De Guo .
What unexpected benefit did Goldman gain ? Shoppers bought goods .	'Goldman became famous .
How did the scientists conduct the experiment ? By showing digital pictures women 's happy angry faces .	'By leaving dogs to women who are either happy or angry .
What does the writer want to tell us in the passage ? A means broadcasting electricity gadgets .	'A wireless instrument used for charging .
We can infer from the article that volcanoes change geological appearance Earth	'the new island near the coast of Pakistan actually took a few months to form
According to the passage , how should we eat red meat in a healthy way ? We eat proper amount red meat per day .	'We should eat red meat as we like .
If you want to make a saving , which of the following should you NOT do ? Buy things quickly .	'Visit thrift stores regularly .
The author takes factory work for example mainly to emphasize modern jobs require education schools necessary	'tell us that many jobs required certain education in the past
The purpose of this article is to convince reader necessity napping	'warn us of the wickedness of napping
Which one of the sentences below is true ? Some Americans move house several times lifetime .	"""People in Britain seldom have balconies because it 's so hot outside ."
What 's the main idea of the text ? Parents struggle rest right kids school .	'The government is to order schools to increase rest time .
From this passage we can learn Jesse person great influence Guinea	'Jesse was a person who had religion belief
"The sentence "" Finally , Jack could n't stand it any longer . "" means Jack could longer put visitor"	'Jack could no longer stand but he might sit down
Which of the following is TRUE about Sofa Boy ? The book implies writer 's story .	'The book describes a veteran of games .
"Which is NOT true according to the passage ? "" 21st Century Lenovo Cup "" English Speaking Competition held Beijing ."	'Huang Ruijia is 16 in the year 2015 .
What did Dr. Jason say about students at college ? They short money .	'They need better textbooks
Wingspan Arts Kids Film Festival shows films made children	'is as famous as the Toronto Festival
""" Where is our own Harry Potter ? "" means Chinese writers write better books children"	"""the writer ca n't find any books for children"
According to this passage , which of the following statements is true ? Different people stand different amounts stress .	'Relaxation in life only benefits us mentally .
What do scientists know about the past of the Isua supracrustal belt ? It remained deep sea .	'It was once covered by hot 
Why will polar bears die out if there is not enough sea ice ? Because polar bears ca n't catch enough food without ice .	'Because polar bears eat ice when they feel thirsty .
From the passage , we can know that instant noodles Can kept longer common noodles	'were the best food aid package
Which of the following books did the author read most recently ? Slowing Down Speed Life .	'You Can Heal Your Life .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Only small number students obey rules .	'Our class was noisy in the past .
' The Picture House ' encourages sharing photos of its food to attract customers	'raise the price of frozen food
From the passage , we can infer newspapers stay us together media	'newspapers will win the competition among the different meclia
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? English Songs helps English Learning .	'English Songs .
They put food out to attract birds because they wanted see birds flying garden	'had a special garden for birds
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Public Awareness Youngsters ' Mental Diseases Expected	'Efforts to Mark World Mental Health Day
What is related to the fourth day of the celebration ? Educator Day .	"'Kickoff Day .', ""Parents ' Day ."
The best title for this passage is A Fine Piece Work	'A Carpenter
Which of the following is Not true ? Mars nearer earth moon . ( www.ks5u.com )	'The moon is much nearer to the earth than Mars .
The passage is mainly intended to share interesting facts Canada	"""correct people 's wrong ideas about Canada"
Which of the following statements is true ? There one hundred years Lincoln 's taking office Kennedy 's	"""Lincoln 's death had something to do with Kennedy 's"
"What will mothers do if they get "" Our Name is History "" books ? They may inspired talk special women remember ."	'They will collect information about their family roots .
Some Asian parents send their kids abroad because kids may accepted universities countries	'they hope their children may easily find a job there
What is the best title for the passage ? A Teenager Saved Others Deer Attack	'A Dangerous Deer Attacked a Woman
Which of the following statements is NOT the American 's understanding of privacy ? Privacy connected something unfair bad .	'Other people have no right to pry into his or her affairs .
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? The local people show great interest stone balls .	'The stone balls found in the Diquis River Delta are all very huge .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Actions Preserving Anti - Bacterial Medications US	'Drug Resistance Developing Quickly in the US
English speakers from non - English - speaking countries think that native speakers ' English hard understand	'non - native speakers speak English even better
Which of the following is TRUE ? To join social group helps healthy mind .	"'If you have breakfast every morning ', "" you 'll be fat ."
What is the central topic of this passage about ? The argument new old views anger .	'The different ways of dealing with anger .
What does Kofi Annan say should be the focus of the Copenhagen conference ? How rich countries better help poor regions reduce climate hazards .	'How rich and poor regions can share responsibility in curbing global warming .
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Jessica Andrews ' Success Singer	"""Jessica Andrews ' Life"
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the artiele ? The Chinese credit card perfect system .	'To use Alipay 
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Beijing first place Impressionists ' paintings display .	"""We can see other French art works at China 's National Museum of Fine Arts besides the Impressionists ' paintings ."
Why are the emotional aspects of an object more important than its physical aspects ? They help us adapt behaviors world surrounding us .	'They help society use its members for more profit .
What 's the result of the wrong understanding of darker skin ? Many people dark skin try make skin whiter .	'Many people with whiter skin live a better life than others .
Ann did n't have Spanish food because n't know price hotel included everything	"""she did n't like Spanish food"
We can learn from the passage that diet soda drinkers tend eat food	'regular soda makes people lose more weight
What is the best title for the passage ? Singles Day .	'The Origin of Singles Day .
The young turtle is in danger of losing its life because water drops fifty degrees Fahrenheit	'it dreams of calm water and plenty of food
What 's the passage mainly about ? A Jewish tradition becomes idea competition .	'How Jewish people design and build modern sukkahs .
It can be inferred from the passage that Mr. Keeling cooperated with his client thought helping lady	'so that he could get some jewellery from the store
What can we infer from the passage ? Cameroon bad people commonly believed	'Food export may lead to many frightening diseases .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Playing outdoors 2 3 hours every day help protect eyesight .	'People will all become short - sighted after they begin to go to school .
What can we learn from Kubinec 's words ? Your language identity .	'Native language is disappearing .
"Of the following origins , which one has the same meaning as the American word "" OK "" ? The Choctaw word "" okeh """	'The OK Club
What Xiao Hang said indicates solving environmental problems requires great effort	'London still has serious air pollution after 50 years of effort
"The best title for this passage should be "" "" . What We Should Do Earthquakes"	'How Earthquakes Happen
According to the passage , which of the following statements is true ? It remains question whether rewarding good way get children eat vegetables .	'Most children are born to dislike carrots or celery .
We can infer that jb1988 gun control laws	'is in favor of gun control laws
What mainly causes those kids to take their own lives is that may physically healthy , mentally unhealthy	'they lack the respect for their parents
The boys managed to escape from the field when two spotlights working together	'the two police cars were being charged
We can infer from the passage that winning bid matter luck	'Quibids mostly sell popular electronics
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Sam thought Linda cute .	'Paul pretended to be rude in order to make Linda stop liking him .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the article ? Researchers disagree whether smacking mentally harmful children	'40 percent of children grow up without ever being spanked
Which of the following could be the best title for the passage ? How Speak English Well	'How to Improve Your Language Skills
According to the author , it 's environmentally friendly to refill water bottles	'buy packed organic foods
What 's the author 's purpose of writing this article ? To persuade reader buy Air purifier .	'To tell us to protect us from flu virus .
What would be the best title for the text ? Computer - AssistedReading	'Computer prefix = st1 /Reading
Zeo is a revolution in the science of sleep mainly because it first product manage one 's sleep	"""can record one 's sleep process"
We can know from the passage that popcorn began farmed late 1800s	'popcorn was only a kind of food in the 1500s
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Animals become indifferent one dies .	'Some animals have developed language skills .
Which of the following is not true ? All families big cities one child .	"""The one - child policy did help control China 's population growth ."
Why do many English - speaking countries not support the language protection efforts described in the passage ? They long history taking words languages .	'They think language protection laws are ineffective .
We can infer that during the author 's teenage years , songs heard holiday impressed	'there were few records for customers to buy
The passage mainly discusses fallacy common cold	'the experiments on the common cold
The mayor officially declared Amy Jo Hagadorn Day call public treat everyone properly	'to encourage people to hold their heads high
The main difference between team sports and individual sports is that team sports ca n't done alone individual sports	"""people do n't compete in individual sports"
What was the annoying problem for the authorities in Hampden , Maine ? They failed destroy dam repeatedly built beavers .	"""They did n't know who to send to deal with the dam trouble ."
Which is the best title for the passage ? Town Twinning	'Friendly Towns
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Introduction mechanical device make walk easier	'How to reduce energy whiling walking .
In the writer 's opinion , showing disagreement natural normal behavior human	"'will surely lead to the end of a long friendship', ""shows that you do n't respect your friend"
People like Fu Yuanhui because of her attitude competition	'kindness to the fans
From the passage we can learn that teens help seniors contact family members online	'Club Penguin donates $ 2 million to charity projects yearly
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? When grow , choose color1 like best .	'An active person who enjoys life probably like red 
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To warn us get lost fantasy world .	'To show us the hidden beauty in our world .
In this open letter Figaro explains to the people of Molten that need help holding prices	'they can no longer supply bread
The oranges are for Karl	"""Karl 's father"
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? High school fees one important reasons students take term - jobs .	"""Poor students ca n't take part - time jobs all the time at university ."
What is the value of the scientists ' proposal ? It reduces pollution caused car driving .	'It increases the productivity of a fuel factory .
What is the purpose of the writer to give the example of Beijing Salt Industry Corporation ? To make people b elieve supply salt enough .	'To tell readers that there is a salt company in Beijing .
The following statements are the reasons why many people are attracted by US television dramas EXCEPT that US television dramas merely present past decade	'the dramas can improve their English skills 
What 's the final purpose of the Britain 's seed bank ? To protect wild plants extinction .	'To safeguard food crops .
We can infer from the passage that news traveled fast town .	"'the man became famous in the town because he was a heavy drinker', ""the man 's brothers liked drinking beer very much"
What would be the best title for the passage ? A kind shoe seller	'A pair of old shoes
What 's the best title for the passage ? The free EFSET-- online test English learners	'How to get ready for the EFSET
Which detail from the story can reflect the little boy 's losing confidence ? He n't quit , became quietly desperate futility written .	'The lone goalkeeper gave it everything he had 
When do you remember things easily ? When good study habits	'When we study
What happened when Mrs White brought her students to the zoo ? Mrs White mistook crocodile whale .	"""The students did n't know whales and crocodiles ."
What can we conclude from the article ? British people helpful though may appear .	'British people like to sit next to other people on empty buses .
How long does a Mexican spend in eating ? One hour	'Two hours
The change in man 's size of forehead will probably be because use brain time goes	"""he makes use only 20 % of the brain 's capacity"
From the passage , we can infer much remains done protect workers workplace diseases .	'Chinese law on preventing occupational diseases has worked well .
Which of the following is TRUE about typhoons according to the article ? During typhoons people keep safe staying home .	'This year 
The shopkeeper ran after John     John paid coat .	'in order to give him the trousers .
What can be inferred from the passage ? The liquid glass widely used many fields .	"""We do n't have to wash our clothes with the new invention ."
When you meet a stop line while driving a car in the crossing without traffic lights , , must stop	'you can turn left
The purpose for having a Take Our Daughters to Work Day is     show girls possibilities work careers	'to encourage girls to get top paying jobs 
Which type of music can make people work faster ? Rock music	'Light music
People do not dare defend the old system mainly because under the old system children made learn passively	'too much grammar was taught to children
Why is Aesop 's Fables mentioned in the beginning of the article ? To introduce idea crows smart .	'To show that fables about crows are wrong .
Carol Carter 's words implied that lack male teachers affects boys ' attitudes school work	'parents play an important role in education
The UN made October 11 as International Day of the Girl Child in order to     start global campaign early marriages	"'urge parents to treat girls equally as boy', ""call on people to pay more attention to girls ' education"
"From the passage we know that in New York "" rush hour "" 9 4 pm"	'traffic is heavy at noon
"Why some some females closed their wings when males flew by ? close wings avoid "" harassment "" pursued persistent unwanted males ."	"'because the female butterfly mates only once in its life .', ""because they do n't like the male butterfly at all ."
What can be inferred from what Stuart Miles said ? He dislikes SmartEyeglass .	"""He supports Sony 's efforts to develop the SmartEyeglass ."
We can learn from the passage that Robert Frost wrote poems mostly first person	'Robert Frost had been a famous writer before he started teaching
Why must the Ice Hotel be rebuilt each year ? Because hotel melts summer .	'Because guests suggest changes to the hotel .
Where can students apply in person ? At College Reception Desk 3:30 p.m ..	'At the Adult Education Office at 9:30 p.m ..
During the week , Jeremy Lin helped team win five games row	'got a career - high 38 points against New York Knicks
Which of the following is true ? While giving signal turning left safe , turn left middle lane turning left	'Any car can park at any time or any period time in the streets in some residential areas .
In the passage Portugal is described as a destination visitors interested ancient buildings	'owning rich culture but lacking colorful festivals
We can infer from the passage that white - water rafting quite exciting	"'people can be easily lost along the roads of the "" Cabot Trail """
What could be the best title for the passage ? Poverty weakens brain power .	'Once poor 
Which statement is NOT TRUE   ? Kate 's books chair .	"""The white model plane is Gina 's ."
The main purpose of the passage is to tell the children keep healthy diet	'to eat fruits and vegetables
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT a potential problem humans face in the future ? Fewer skillful farmers .	'Rising food prices .
Which of the following is NOT TRUE ? Some MSF doctors received Nobel Peace Prize 1999	'MSF has a history of over 40 years .
What 's the best title of the passage ? The changes brought 3-D printing	'The advantages of 3-D printing
Which of the following statements is true ? The keeper n't want give Tom cousin chocolate	"'The keeper cheated    Tom and his cousin .', ""Tom and his cousin did n't understand the question ."
Why did Karen decide to take Michael to see the newborn baby ? She thought might last chance see sister .	'She thought he might be able to save the baby .
Which of the following is right . ' ? A baby frog looks like fish lot brothers sisters .	'A baby frog stays at home and knows only his parents .
We can know from the passage that marriage helps people increase wealth easily	'staying single is the best way to increase wealth
What 's this passage mainly about ? The history world 's oldest university .	'The importance of attending a university .
The best title of this passage might be China Floods Leave 200 Dead Missing	"""People 's Liberation Army Join in the Rescue"
Firms of English - speaking countries use English only when marketing their products because think foreign customers happy English used	'English is their official language
We can conclude from the article that author benefits talking friends also gone aboard	"""the author does n't like seeing her / his school friends"
If the door is hot ,    use window possible	'open it slowly 
Mr. King was afraid that people would find him someday because would end zoo	"""he had n't got enough water and oil"
Which of the following is NOT true ? The classes begin 2:00 p. m.	'American students like hot dogs and hamburgers best .
Mr Brown says n't want walk home today	"""he ca n't find the way home"
The writer believes that children 's games lot good	'children should make better rules for their games
What help did Liz give the author ? She gave author son 's phone number	"'She went to Ayrlie Beach to look for his daughter', ""She called the author 's daughter"
A student from Japan who has been staying in England for a year and intends to go to college in a few months will unable get money LEA	'get money if he is taking a first degree course
What 's the best title for the passage ? My Journey Finland	'The Capital of Finland 
Who is the passage mainly for ? People moved foreign country .	'Those who have got rid of culture shock .
According to the author , the current examination system enable students use English communication	'does not offer students opportunities to show their knowledge of English
All of the following are true EXCEPT ice age glaciers covered world depths two miles	'The ice age occurred when there were small changes in the orbit of the earth
The purpose of the Exercise Flood Call is to prepare people floods	'train the civil service for the flood
From the text , we might say the author thinks true love expect repaym ent	'criticize the attitude of suspicion of the love
In Ghana ,     rules dinner time strict	'dinner is always at six
What happened to Mr. Kim in the end ? He died Christmas Eve .	'He shared the success with Mr. Tan .
Of the four cases , at first the police had wrong conclusions except in     Hyun Jong case	'the Nima Louis Carter case
We can infer that fewer tourists stay Villa Nicoletta autumn spring	'you can share the villa with other tourists
Which of the following is not true ? The temperature greenhouse high atmosphere .	'Burning too much coal and oil produces lots of greenhouse gases .
What is the main idea of this passage ? We learn think critically look problems sides .	'Some measures must be taken to protect our dangerous world .
Before the experiment took place the psychiatrists - predicted teacher - subjects ' willingness follow experimental procedure	'believed that a shock of 150 volts was unbearable
John Simpson thinks that impossible take expression dictionary	'the expression can be taken out of every kind of dictionary
How did the author catch the connection to Leeds he was going to miss ? The conductor radioed Peterborough held train author .	"""The Leed 's train was late because of the bad weather ."
We know from the text that      former president George W. Bush high IQ score	"'many Americans think their former president George W. Bush is smart', ""David Perkins believe that a person 's IQ does n't need to be developed"
Which of the following is NOT the reason for colleges to change their names ? They prefer higher education competition .	'They want to project their image .
Which of the following can we know from Barnaby Lenon 's words ? The English education system welcomed Chinese .	'English universities are better than those in China .
Which is the best title of the passage ? Typing hands could make worse writer .	'Slower typing 
Which is NOT the reason why DIY is popular among British people ? They want TV .	'They enjoy DIY .
The example of school - children in para.3 shows that proper breakfast make mental workers efficient	'school - children will be quick and attentive all day if they eat breakfast
At the beginning of the passage , the writer mentions dogs to introduce topic attractive way	'provide examples of how animals deal with unexpected injury
The text mainly talks about record jump carbon dioxide emissions	'an analysis released by the Global Carbon Project
As soon as the engineer saw the boy on the track , asked Andy get way	'he asked Andy why he stood there
Which of the following is NOT true ? Wave energy creates amount pollution energy sources .	'Wave power costs too much money .
What 's the best title   of the passage ? Chinese people like traveling	'Traveling in China
What 's special about the birthday parties at the Staten Island Zoo ? Live animals take part birthday parties .	'There are 19 people in one party at least .
What 's the main idea of the text ? A Japanese company takes measures save energy .	'Japan takes steps to protect the environment .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The announcement divorce made netizens debate uneven matches protection individual assets marriage .	'It is Ma Rong who should take responsibility for the divorce .
Liang Yuezhu 's advice tells us that 's better students mental problems join others	"""teachers and parents ca n't do anything about mental problems"
If you want to have some experiences of country life in the past , you 'd better go to Horseriding Tarn , France	'explore a perfect wilderness
It can be inferred from the story that the father n't think host would believe truth	"""did n't know the host well"
Who called them when they were talking ? Mr. Green 's mother .	"""Mr. Green 's wife ."
Which is the best title for the passage ? Recycled water flows southern Beijing .	'Beijing government has taken measures to improve its people`s life .
We can infer from the text that    Mona Lisa catching people 's wide attention past 500 years	"'the Mona Lisa is proved to be able to last another 500 years', ""Mona Lisa 's beauty is fading gradually with 500 years passing by"
What conclusion does the author make about divided sleep ? It could helpful people handle daily stress .	'It is not the best sleep pattern for everyone .
What is the aim of the Predator Compensation Program ? To protect wildlife .	"""To protect Masai 's farms ."
According to an online report by The Independent , local birds wo n't enough food	"""the parakeets ' future threat is impossible"
The passage was written to introduce travel books	'travel maps
Most of the recruiters use different ways sort unsuitable applicants	'consult the applicants
The writer of this passage wants to tell us not to judge person 's intelligence appearance	'judge a book by its cover
According to Mr. Clarke , some good ways to save water are as follows EXCEPT using sprinkler	'watering in the evening
What does the boy want his parents to do ? To patient talks problems .	'To listen to his excuses when he comes back late .
Which does n't belong to Beijing 's reaction to the possible epidemic ? High fever patients observed 3 weeks .	'SARS reports must be given to the disease control center and health bureau .
When people are ill in England , they 'll go see doctor nearby	'go to the medicine shop
What is most essential for draftsmen 's work according to the author ? Accuracy drawings .	'An architect education .
We can know Andy Jarvis feels somewhat pessimistic scientists ' research	'is searching for the coyote melon
The main focus of report in Trends in Ecology & Evolution was the idea that changes brought eco - tourism may harmful .	'eco - tourism cause damage to the natural homes of wildlife .
Which of the following will the author probably agree with ? Skills work speak louder appearance .	"""Chinese employers only care about their employees ' appearance ."
To be qualified for the program , you have to make short comment program	'come from a school near Zoos Victoria
68 . Why are machines painted orange in some factories , according to the passage ? Because less accidents happen due introduction orange machines .	'Because workers tend to prefer orange to other colors .
This passage is mainly about Chinese food tastes fresh	'what Chinese food tastes like
What is the main idea of this passage ? Bullet trains many advantages accepted countries .	'Bullet trains are the most convenient means of transportation compared with others .
Jeff 's wife tells Jeff cat eats fish	'she eats the fish
Why did n't Nick wear his blue socks ? The socks needed washed .	'The socks were worn out .
What should you do if you are going hiking on an unfamiliar trail ? Carry enough survival items .	'Keep a high speed .
In different countries people eat different kinds food	'eat the same kinds of food
The author did her first job for only a year because n't get well paid end week	"""the clothes made there did n't suit her taste"
Which of the following is NOT TRUE ? All fruits seeds	'Plants can be divided into main types : flowering plants and non - flowering plants .
Which of the following could serve as the best title for this passage ? The Mysterious Bermuda Triangle	'The History of the Bermuda Triangle
"According to researchers , "" huh ? "" should be considered a word rather than a sound because something humans learn say"	'there is a clear and consistent spelling of the word
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Le Clezio moved Nigeria 1948 .	'Le Clezio has taught in Bangkok 
This article is mainly about Alice Wilder 's participation feminist activities	'how girls and women fight for their rights in the US
According to the passage , helicopter parents may make kids lose chances learning	'handle complex social situations well
Which can be the BEST title for the passage ? How write story like real reporter	"'How to write an interesting story', ""Do n't make any mistakes in news"
What could be the best title for the text ? Speak love	'Buy a CD every day
What 's the best title for the passage ? The House Golden Windows	"""The Little Girl 's Home"
The National Center for Safe Routes to School encourages more children to walk or bike to school in order to keep children healthy environment clean	'save more fuels and diesel for the country
According to the passage , the author eyebrows burnt nervousness	"""felt very sorry for being late meeting Tim 's parents"
What is the main idea of this passage ? Genes help scientists understand living things develop characteristics .	'Defective genes can never be repaired .
We can infer from the passage that world consumption bottled water increasing	'there are two main kinds of bottled water in the US
When it is day , ca n't see stars sky .	'our part of the earth turns to the moon
Why were so many secretaries fired during this recession ? ?      , Bosses become less dependent assistance .	'Secretaries no longer make coffee for their bosses .
What kind of sound does the author find pleasant ? Tapping sound typewriter .	'Clinking sound of keys
"From the novel Pride and Prejudice , we ca n't learn that     . "" prejudice "" defined compared with""pride "" 18th century"	"'where manners and social behavior are concerned "" prejudice "" is inevitable', ""it 's about class division "
Many military women objected to the policy mainly because prevented jobs promotions	"""it had an effect on women 's rights"
Which of the following shows the main idea of the passage ? Birds way make young ones know certain things .	'Birds can not talk as we do .
What is the hand for most people used to do ? It 's used find hold things .	"""It 's used to work with things ."
What does the writer want to say in the passage ? A machine work thinking like human .	"'A machine can do better translation than human beings .', ""A machine wo n't be able to beat every chess player ."
The examples of bees and whales are used to show different animals use different languages	'animal languages are simple to learn
His mother asked him to keep secret party .	'plan a surprise party
What can we learn about caterpillars ' warning structures from the text ? They may evolved caterpillars ' legs .	"""They are found in caterpillars ' heads ."
The rescue is great for the reason that lasted long miners trapped deep	'33 trapped miners were saved
What are the adults , reactions to the children asking for a light ? They reject kids , request educate .	"""They pay no attention to children 's request ."
For Christakis , what is more concerning ? TV shows poor quality .	'Kids watching too much TV .
The young man stood in the town to show beautiful heart	"'meet the old man', ""compare his heart with others '"
From the passage we can see that Japanese gardens full life seasons	'Japanese gardens are different from those in other countries but not very beautiful
With the Eurail Selectpasses , you can enjoy wide range combinations countries	'take trains on any day you like
Which statement about Reality TV is NOT true ? Anybody Reality TV .	'Real - life people are in it .
"Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? "" Bike Better City "" members ride bicycles work ."	'Special lanes are needed on every street .
According to the passage , we can infer pay overweight luggage	'it will take long to rebook the tickets
Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? Having dinner loved one special kind gift .	'Never go to a shop to buy a gift .
According to the text , personal response of a book reviewer refers to reviewer 's indication book means reader	'accurate and analytical reading
What would be the best title for the passage ? Affordable light people without electricity	'Advantages of portable electric light
What do we know about the shelves on Coodreads.com ? That people put books read want read .	'They are filled with all kinds of books from some libraries .
Ali is always taking pride in changing foreign tourists'fixed negative views country tour	'his rich knowledge and solid historical background
According to the passage , early rising something success	'is an easily formed habit
Why did Kevin stay inside the bathroom alone crying ? He wanted alone .	"""The writer did n't help him beat Tommy ."
The Relaxacisor is mentioned as product whose distributor ( ;) involved legal case	'a product which was designed to produce electricity
According to the passage , which of the followings is NOT true ? Kids told keep away sweet food fat .	"""There is some relationship between someone 's character and their taste ."
Which of the following is TRUE ? It six years since Christopher 's Smile set .	'Few pupils wear school uniforms to school on weekdays in Britain .
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Shakespeare wrote plays poems .	'Shakespeare had two children .
Teaching the post-90s students is getting harder because    bigger resource learn	'they all use smart - phones and tablets
"Which of the following is NOT the function of "" kill switch "" feature ? Enable stolen phones find former owners automatically ."	"""Find the phone 's position ."
What do Clair Mellenthin 's words suggest ? YouTube affects people greatly .	"""YouTube should examine kids ' accounts ."
What can be inferred from the story ? The love elderly couple deeply touched writer single .	'The young couples paid the bill of other customers in the restaurant .
The merchant suggested that the man should write another better advertisement	'buy a new umbrella
We can learn from the passage that predicting weather difficult predicting path satellite	'a large planet is able to change the size of a tiny planet
Paul Donahue believes that praising children much hold back growth .	'praising kids can improve their self - esteem .
The writer thinks the smell of home cooking makes us happy	'makes us be interested in cooking
According to the passage , 's better think twice documentaries .	'financial backers often appear in documentaries .
What makes the climate computer game different from the other games ? It uses data real climate models advice experts .	'It is the only computer game about climate .
We can infer that the writer wrote this passage mainly to suggest disrupt natural food chain	'explain what the food chain is
Who was ill ?      Mrs. Baker 's sister	'Mr. Baker
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Margie Phelps Christians came long distance claim - sex marriage Holy Bible .	'David Schwartz 
"What 's the best title of the passage ? The Achievement Dream "" Weichi Prince """	'Wang Chen Won the International University WEICHI Tournament 2013
From this passage we know poor areas usually suffers Dew diseases rich areas .	'bird flu will surely spread to human beings in the next few years .
When Mark helped Bill to pick up some of his things , he . n't know important Bill	"""knew he could save Bill 's life"
The passage mainly tells the readers about cruel killing dogs Spain	'how Spanish dogs hunt hares
The best title for this passage could be The Universal Language	'The Art of Smiling
According to the passage , general knowledge of botany begun to fade away because direct contact variety plants decreased	'people no longer value plants as a useful resource
Switzerland is famous for making watches .	'selling watches .
The writer wants to prove that society needs kinds jobs	'our society needs free education for all
Which can be TRUE according to this passage ? Most old people children get hurt die crossing road .	"""Children often get hurt or die because they ca n't see or hear very well ."
What 's the best title for the passage ? Tree - climbing travelling	'Slow travel movements
Team sports need two teams play	'are also called individual sports
Which of the following is true , according to the passage ? It 's necessary worried oil reserves world .	'Things we used to need were much cheaper than they are today .
The writer hesitated to cook potato pancakes probably because reminded loss ring	"""she did n't like such pancakes"
Which is the best title for the passage ? The Gift Life	"""Suzie 's Death"
If you want to enjoy full - content papers , you should choose China Daily iPaper	'China Daily Digest
What would the author most probably write about next ? How made Marguerite suffer .	'Why he wanted Marguerite to pay for what he had suffered .
What can we infer about the An 's daughters ? They deeply influenced Helene taught .	'They went out to work for themselves before graduation .
What does the author think about being fat ? It consequence people 's unbalanced lifestyle .	'It is the family genes that make people fat .
The earliest collection is the collection of Department Asia	'the Department Africa 
The passage show many things about Oliver except that    forced live workhouse Roman Polanski	'he meets a thief 
The passage mainly tells us that water shortage serious problem facing us near future	'water is very important for any people
From this article , we can learn that try best hurt others daily life done , hard make   .	'when we lose temper to someone 
The best thing for Molly now is that time kids	'her kids know more about the baby - sitter
According to the passage , we can know that dog learn sit want teach	'no parents love pet dogs
The passage mainly talks about capillary action	'an oil lamp
The passage is mainly about three youths starting online farmers ' market	"""how an online farmers ' market works"
From the passage we know that better American women study women 's colleges	"""more and more women 's colleges are being established now"
Why do people love to watch magic ? Because people love watching magicians make impossible happen .	'Because Liu Qian is known for his interaction with his audiences .
The conventional wisdom holds that facts students taught , reasoning skills acquire	"'the general public also needs reasoning skills to interpret scientific findings', ""to boost students ' reasoning ability "
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? Characteristics New Age	'Communication and Knowledge Industry
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Cultural implications Mobile Phone Use	'Changes in the Use of the Mobile
Which of the following is NOT true ? Mr Smith knew policeman caught .	"""The police did n't know Mr Smith was Jack Scott 's friend ."
Why did Fyodorov plan his marathon in Oymyakon ? Because Oymyakon one coldest places world .	'Because Fyodorov is more popular in Oymyakon .
How much did Sam and John spend on all of the wine ? Ten cents .	'Five cents .
What will happen if a male mates with the queen ? It die soon .	'It will hang around inside the hive .
What was the finding of the study published in Psychological Science in 2008 ? Babies took interest snakes animals videos regardless human voices heard .	'The longer babies looked at snakes in the video 
Which of the following does the author probably agree with ? Ebola highly infectious virus .	'Ebola is now very common in Guinea .
We can infer   from the first letter that Joan 's friends visit often accept	'Joan lives in a happy family and she has a lot of friends
In the children 's museum in Indianapolis , children like to see dinosaur bones	'all old bones
What is troubling Tom ? He n't know whether apologize former friend .	"""He ca n't get in touch with his former friend ."
What did the swans do when they saw the Canada goose could n't fly ? They chipped ice held feathers .	'They waited patiently for the ice held in its feathers to melt .
"Which of the following statements is TRUE according to this passage ? There 're many wonderful stories Chinese cuisines "" A Bite China "" ."	"'Most people watch the program because they want to learn how to cook .', ""You can buy some food that 's more delicious and cheaper through the program ."
The old man left $ 100 under the napkin because he appreciated Mary 's kindness work attitude	"""was grateful for Mary 's kindness"
The meeting was held there in order to decide would adopt girl	'find out who had rescued the girl
What similar qualities did folk art and fine art probably have in the 17th century ? They simple creations .	'The artists of both focused on family life .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is true ? Natural cures worked better scientific medicine ancient times .	'People who practice folk medicine need lots of formal education on herbs .
The writer 's first job was to look children family	'help children with their schoolwork
The writer 's purpose of writing the passage is introduce new technology applied charging wirelessly	'to encourage customers to purchase the new charging devices
Jerry Johnson advises nervous fliers to fly morning	'sit in the back
The author 's main purpose to write this passage is tell readers easy tricks enjoy	'to tell the readers tricks are done to fool people
"We can learn from the text that a "" nuclear "" family two birth parents children"	'has two birth parents and only one child
Why does Johnson talk about Mexico ? She tries show tax help lot .	'She likes Mexican sugary drinks .
"Which of the following is an example of the "" extra minute "" rule ? Move object way trips someone ."	'Leave the room for a minute with the iron working .
The following are all now true EXCEPT woman important person house	'they may choose to have children or not
From the passage , we can learn that football clubs likely buy BBC 's offices	"'the BBC will cover Formula 1 on its own as usual', ""the BBC 's commercial division will be open to selling the sites"
Which of the following is true ? Actually , pilot ability landing plane safe .	"""It was the airline 's fault to require pilots to update qualification . "
"According to the passage , all of the following about "" Family Tracker "" are true EXCEPT that parents use services app free"	'it can help parents know where their children are
The writer thinks Internet addiction happens today because   . youth want communicate	'the youth are required to learn the modern technology
The BEST title for this passage might be A Friend Need	'Human and dogs
"What 's the purpose of the author in writing this passage ? To advertise "" Our Name History "" books ."	'To tell us how to explore family roots .
Why did the author 's wife connect with others by e - mail ? Because she deaf could n't hear others phone	"""did n't like to talk on the phone"
Which of the following is correct about Vanellus ? The shepherd hut provides different dining options tourists .	'Vanellus is the biggest shepherd hut around the nature reserve .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Therapy dog helps soldiers deal stress	"""Dennis Swols ' post - war life"
The policeman says Mr Brown ca n't find way home	"""does n't want to walk home"
Which of the following is true ? No one thinks Olympics anything science .	'The writer got some help from others in getting ready for the competition .
We can infer from the passage that Rich may , Edna willing help others	'Ruth leads a busy life and she feels very tired
"According to the author , we sometimes say "" no "" to others ' favor so that wo n't continue"	"""we need n't repay them later"
What does the text imply about the total solar eclipse ? In ancient China , people could n't understand phenomenon .	'All people watched the solar eclipse for at least six minutes .
At last the old man told the young man strict children could stand alone	'that he should always be strict with his children
Which of the following topics is not discussed in the passage ? Ways learning sign language .	'What is sign language ?
How did the genie make Lily believe that he was a true genie ? He made Lily air .	'He said 
Planting trees can    good soil	'make the soil weaker
"The sentence "" can I do that again ? "" showed that the boy got pleasure helping little beggar"	'wanted to please his father
Which of the following can serve as the title ? Obama : US seek oil Alaska Gulf Mexico .	'Obama : US will import less oil to improve safety and environmental standards .
Which is true about the journalists in Western countries ? Journalists must submit articles due date .	"""There 's no time limit for their report articles ."
What does the passage mainly tell us about ? What earthquake .	'How to predict earthquakes .
Why did the author feel depressed when her friends called home ? Her father could give appropriate advice .	'Her father did not care about her human journey .
The passage tells us that clothes choose wear something values lifestyles	'our values and lifestyles are in no field of human activity
The best title    for this passage is Good Study Habits	'Study in the Bedroom
What 's the purpose of writing the three texts ? To sell books .	'To make the books easier to read .
What Kesetebirhan Admasu said shows that government taking active measures improve people 's health	"""agricultural incomes have helped improve all the people 's health in Africa"
If you prefer salt powder , you may choose wooden salt shaker	'a bamboo salt shaker
Why did the 8-month - old pay no attention when the language was changed ? They lost ability distinguish different languages .	"""They could n't hear what the speaker was talking about ."
This passage mainly tells readers happens opening day Sahara Festival	'how people celebrate during the three - day Sahara Festival
From the article , we can find that marketing paint Europe way	'the paint has already been used on cars by now
"Which statement best describes "" dress - down days "" ? People usually careful dressing ."	"'You can wear whatever you like .', ""We ca n't judge a person 's taste by his clothes ."
What would be the best title for the passage ? Exceptional Anti - terrorism Member	'The U.S. Anti - terrorism Program
The author compares an individual human existence to a river because old age death natural like river	'Life is like a river 
What does the example in this passage prove ? Communication solution misunderstanding .	"""Sophie 's parents are willing to listen to her ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The hunter shot duck wing .	'Animal sanctuaries are homes specially for wounded animals .
Envelopes are piling up because the author feels bored paper work	"""does n't know how to reply"
According to the passage , we can infer that Chinese think polite put food plated guests chopsticks .	'Chinese all think it impolite for guests to ask for a pair of knife and fork .
Which of the following sentences about color blindness is TRUE ? Not men problem recognizing colors .	'None of men can see deep red .
According to the text , which of the following statements is TURE ? All people Australia n't share positive attitude euthanasia	'Patients will ask their doctors for euthanasia if they are afraid of illness .
Sir John Sulston got a Nobel Prize for Medicine because he has proved cell death programmed	'found that human beings are similar to the worm
Which of the following is NOT true ? Obama 's materal grandparents lived Honolulu Indonesia	"""Obama 's father was very black while his mother very white"
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Fujiyama gives poor people Honduras second chance	'Help the people in need
Does the writer think it 's important to educate people about the dangers of eating too much or too little ? Yes , writer thinks changes also necessary .	'No 
We can infer from this passage that newspapers still play important part life	"'the "" golden age "" of print media refers to the 19th century', ""radio took the place of newspapers completely in the 1920 's"
The main purpose of the text is to instruct people deal anger .	"""describe people 's behavior at anger ."
We can infer from the passage that Dior supporter different    interests business	"""Dior 's New Look had little influence on    people then"
The purpose of the passage is to introduce knowledge carbon monoxide poisoning	'warn people not to burn fuels to keep warm in the winter
What could the reason that Kevin 's Dad does n't like him ? Kevin n't interested playing basketball .	'Kevin is not as clever as his brother .
For what purpose was Disability Horizons created ? To let people know real life disabled .	'To help the disabled to make friends .
According to the story , which of the following is TRUE ? Dave familiar surroundings .	'Dave broke the quietness of the lake .
Which is NOT the advantage of the device ? held twenty doses medicine .	'It can release exact amount of medicine .
What do the Punjabis do on Lohri ? People gather around bonfire singing dancing .	'People usually wear new clothes for the celebration .
Radiation can hurt us so much that it can A C	'kill large numbers of cells in main organs
What can we learn about the Character Hero ? It draws great public attention across country .	"""It 's open to people of all ages and all walks ."
We can infer from the article that diet changes lead mood changes	'psychological therapy has never worked before for autistic children
What do we know about KTD ? They fans around world .	'They are as famous as Kid Cudi and Eminem .
Which of the following statements is true about Mrs. Blair ? Mrs Blair helping women independent .	"""Mrs Blair did n't attract much media 's attention when her husband was Prime Minister"
According to the passage , it is widely believed that adults actually access childhood memories	'it is impossible for an adult to recall his experiences
According to the author , GE in 1981 seek broader space development	'was the most competitive company in the world
Which of the following is true according to the article ? Human beings concerned animals nowadays .	'The story of the Anleys and their dog was too unique to be newsworthy .
Which is wrong according to the passage ? The animals catch food zoo .	'The animals in the zoo feel lonely in fact .
What is the main idea of Paragraph three ? A true friend treasured .	'One is lucky to have many friends .
Which statement is NOT true according to the passage ? After firing high temperature , pottery easy break .	'Plates 
Which one is not the reason for mainland students to enter a university in Hong Kong ? The tuition Hong Kong university high .	'Graduating from a Hong Kong university may present an opportunity to work in Hong Kong .
It can be inferred from the above passage that    students n't like faithful friends	'Mr. Reed was a strict teacher who never corrected his mistakes
Which is the best title ? Colours people	'Two groups of colours
During the trip , Jeff Gardner received quite poor e - mail services	'was careless with phone use
What is Not True according to the passage ? Students practiced standing squatting every day .	'Students wore the same clothes with a red logo .
You want to spend the Saturday by joining the entertainment with your family . Where should you go ? The sing - along The Black Horse .	'Disco at The Lord Napier .
You can keep in touch with your friends by email . The condition is that also connected Internet	'they also have their own telephones
What can be inferred from Brencher 's TED talk ? The life man second story saved inspiring love letters .	'The man leaves love letters to his wife 
We can learn from the passage that much listing might misleading	'good memory helps in list making
Which of the following is implied about the Atlantic Ocean ? Human touch makes important .	'It is wide 
The passage is mainly about grow better crops	'why more food is needed
The survey by parenting website BabyCenter.corn mainly intends to find mothers today 're online	'help mothers how to find the products they prefer
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? You computer expert web site .	'The web site will give you the basic knowledge about computer .
Why are store managers often the last to hear complaints ? Customers would rather relate unhappy experiences people around .	"""Most customers wo n't bother to complain even if they have had unhappy experiences ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? Compared Stir Kinect desk , Bekant desk much cheaper .	'Before Bekant desk 
Which of the following show how the lampbrella works ? Sensors - motor - canopy	'motor - canopy - sensors
When staying with the two girls ' family , the author often worked long hours	'was paid for extra work
Hearing the announcements , the author feared suit case might lost	'felt angry at the service on the train
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? One day 'll never feel shy talking others .	"""Do n't keep smiling too often"
Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? The Last Ivy Leaf	"""Behrman 's Masterpiece"
From the passage , we can conclude that Jack cares employees	'Jack gets along well with his employees
People should dry their washing on the watching lines garden	'at the car park
Dr. Mootee 's treating lechnique is based on the idea that     . people chat way thinking action	'people can put up with their problems
The aim of the extinction of large prehistoric animals is to suggest that large sea animals may face threat today .	'large animal were not easy to survive in the changing environment
All the guy got was a ticket for running a stop sign and for speeding because    responsible girls ' accident	'he had the right to chase after the girls
If you are quite busy , but having many greetings to send , which of the following is your best choice ? Choosing personalized cards numbers mailing directly Net .	'Ordering a lot of cards you like online and sending them from the post office .
Which of the following might be true according to the above passage ? Aryan worked detective .	'Abbess hired Norman to fight against Aryan .
What do we learn about Kids Cheering Kids ? It 's project started John help kids .	"""It 's a children 's game enjoyed by John and his friends ."
The writer 's family decided to have a huge birthday celebration because might Dad 's last birthday	'Dad was to leave the hospital
Why do Americans celebrate Thanksgiving ? To express thanks blessings past year .	'To celebrate the foundation of the country .
We can learn from the passage that Americans always base friendships others common interests	"'Americans use the word "" friend "" in a very special way and like to develop a close friendship"
Mr Brown is surprised that children clothes	'all the children are boys
They did n't often write to each other because they little time	"""did n't like writing letters"
Mountain lions are moving probably because number lions increases west	'more roads are being built into the mountains
What can we infer from the passage ? More Friendship Benches installed schools soon .	'Students stop bullying other schoolmates at Palm Bay Elementary .
Who control the robots when students have English lessons ? Robot 's display panel .	'The teachers in Korea .
What 's the best title of the passage ? How Magicians make Magic Work	'The Power of Magic
What would be the best title for the passage ? Website Helps Students Live Someone Else 's Home .	'High Cost Troubles University Students in UK .
The best title of the passage is Suggestions growing mushrooms	'Healthy mushrooms
According to the passage , removing chlorine from water    make water safer	'is required by the FDA
Which of the following does the writer agree with ? A good class associate fun learning .	'Only smart children can learn from the games .
"What difference does the "" flipped classroom""method make to students ? They independent cooperative ."	'They need to do more homework at home .
What of the following might be the best title of the passage ? A Bike Lane Divides New Yorkers	'Ride on National Bike - to - Work Day
What is pretty much settled according to Paul Sereno ? Some dinosaurs lived big groups .	'Half of the dinosaurs lived alone .
According to this passage , we can know that HKU applicants mainland excellent	'mainland high school graduates need an admission interview when they enter a university
Which of the following is TRUE about Hip - hop dancing ? Young people use dance show love life .	"""It 's not a good way to exercise ."
Which of the following can NOT be inferred from the passage ? Easton officer prisoner	'Miss Fairchild was an ambassador
Which of the following is TRUE ? Canada Thanksgiving earlier year harvest comes earlier .	"""The harvest does n't bring a lot of food to the people ."
In the driving test , one drive car must fit road .	'is usually asked to drive on roads for some time
To develop strategies for eco - tourism , the Nature Conservancy is working with the following EXCEPT West Virginia	'local communities
Which of the following can be the best title for this passage ? How deal problems	'When we should smile a lot
Unfortunately , Anna Jarvis was not happy with Mother 's Day when she died because people interested making business	'her mother was not there to see it
The teacher used Tinkertoys in class in order to know students	"""raise the students ' interest in art"
Which was the main trouble my grandfather had in helping his friend ? His corn picker broke .	'His wife objected to his helping his friend .
Who got the chance to use the bathtub in that class ? A student whose table last called .	'The student who sat at the table quietly .
Which of the following shows the route of slave trade correctly ? Europe	'West African coast
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Hyman L. Lipman made first erasers .	"""Graphite is n't a kind of lead ."
This passage mainly talks about relation hunting handgun control	'how handgun control affects hunting
From the passage , we can learn that Asian Southeast Asian countries great impact modem Australian food .	'fewer and fewer immigrants enter Australia every year
What is the proper title for this passage ? A Tiger Its Food .	'How Do Tiger Kill Porcupines ?
What can we learn about the soccer camp ? One 's skills improved leaving camp .	'It is difficult to make friends in the camp .
What can be concluded from the article ? The Australian government tries make immigrants feel home .	'Melbourne is the most culturally diverse city in the world .
The passage mainly tells us Bwelle become admired doctor	'why Bwelle decided to become a doctor
The passage mainly discusses about causes solutions school violent behaviors	'student behavior management in the digital age
People put in the advertisements above in order to get proper travel partners	'introduce their travel experiences
According to the passage , which statement can lead you to believe ? The use resources dictionary , benefit .	'The more you use a dictionary 
What is the clear conclusion of the study ? Medical treatment determines health outcomes .	'Good financial condition leads to good health .
What is the main purpose of the text ? To inform us study health benefits chocolate .	'To encourage us to eat as much chocolate as possible .
What do the growth - mindset   persons most advocate ? Keeping learning .	'Viewing ability as failure .
It can be inferred from the passage that Tim 's father curious know author	'Tim and the author took the bus to get to the restaurant
From the passage , you can reasonably conclude that cacao farms western Africa rely heavily child labor	'children in Africa know how to make the best chocolate
The three foreign gentlemen looked puzzled and ashamed because n't know custom lining bus	"""they did n't know the English language"
What can we learn about beavers from the passage ? The beavers seem stubborn building dams .	"'The beavers are allowed to be killed when causing trouble .', ""The beavers ca n't adapt themselves to living in wilderness ."
What do the four advisers have in common ? All hotmail users .	'All of them speak both Chinese and English .
In the bottom of the final inning Shay was given the bat because the boys would like help Shay enjoy game	'believed they were sure to win the game
"The reason why there is n't "" earthquake weather "" is that . earthquake happen time kind weather ."	"""an earthquake only lasts seconds and does n't happen frequently ."
We can know from the passage that old king happy	"""our pencils are n't our helpers"
Which of the following is n't suitable for the passage ? People afford make mistakes long limit .	'Mistakes suggest that people are trying something new .
The professor wanted to help farmer fix chimney	'eat supper with the farmer
What do we know about the author ? He made study many farms buying .	'He wanted to buy the oldest farm near where he lived .
Which of the following is NOT true according of the show ? Betty acts beautiful swan show .	'Betty is a girl of wisdom .
What can we know from the passage ? It unusual blacks attend school time .	'Booker went to the Hampton Institute first by train and then by ship .
The story is probably written to explain guide dogs trained	'tell people to get pet dogs
It can be inferred from the text that    author 's family financial difficulty	'houses were difficult to find in the hurricane - stricken area
According to Paragraph 2 , a blockade would have been successful because Japan import natural resources	'Japan would not be powerful enough to beat a blockade
What would be the best title for the passage ? A Black Doctor Popular Patients	'The Only Physician in A Town
Which of the following is TRUE , according to the text ? Children shorter telomeres may suffer heart attack earlier .	"""Researchers measured the children 's telomeres from their legs in the study ."
What is the effect of the Internet according to Sparrow 's research ? Weare using memory differently .	'We have poorer memories than before .
Which of the following is NOT true about Huntington 's Disease ? Woody suffered life .	"""It killed Woody 's mother ."
Contractions are best used when we are speaking friends	'speaking at a formal meeting
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Each participant submit one picture .	'Edited photos are not acceptable .
Who eats the fish ? Bob 's wife friends .	'Bob and his friends .
The man laughed heartily because family wanted help	'he was happy to see his pants were shortened
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the article ? Fossils still main source knowledge dinosaurs .	'Dinosaurs used to have red necks and thick feathers .
What makes Tan feel happy and grateful for being part of Guangzhou Asian Games ? She experienced lot learned much work	'She learned different cultures
It can be concluded from the passage that spread AIDS could controlled	'promising drugs will soon stop AIDS
Which sentence can be filled in the      ? Many useful lessons life learned school playground .	"'Classroom is the most important place for children to learn life .', ""Five senses are used in children 's study when they are at school ."
The text seems to suggest that Jeanne Calment owes her good health and long life to good genes parents , healthy diet exercises	'smoking only little every day
Which of the following is WRONG ? Shi Jia 's parents favor performance .	'Curarpikt was created by a Japanese cartoonist .
We can learn from Bonnie Riggs that Americans 1ike try something new	"""do n't like fast food any more"
What can we know about MasterCard ? It third time MasterCard released Index .	"'MasterCard surveyed 131 cities .', ""Caroline Lledo was MasterCard 's adviser ."
We can infer from the passage that Nadia never seen computer .	'Nadia did not like Kate .
Which of the following would Johanson probably agree ? Other reasons breaks considered .	'Elephants are unlikely to die from falling .
May Chom likes to bring cellphone school	'go to school without a cellphone
It is very important to know how to communicate nonverbally when you are in another country because much communication nonverbal many occasions	'most people speak different languages
The passage is mainly to tell Asa changes Coca - Cola worldwide business using mass marketing	'explain that it is easy to use mass marketing
What can be safely concluded from the passage ? Many people curious aliens outer space	'Chinese are descendants to the survivors of the alien spaceship crash
According to the passage , fathers ' involvement in their children 's lives may NOT result in good fate children	'better reading levels of their children
Which of the following is not the purpose of CMB 's cooperation with Didi ? . CMB turn large proportion Didi users payment customer .	"""CMB is expected to use Didi to reach the core users of China 's mobile payment market ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? Obama son daughter .	"""Obama 's father was born in Kenya ."
Charles Darnay was arrested because He noble status .	'He married Lucie illegally .
Sometimes the moon looks bigger than the sun , because much nearer earth sun	'it is much bigger than the sun
We can see store girls	"'Mary needs a hat', ""Mary does n't like green"
According to the passage , what is the main cause of the great gap between readers and poetry ? Poems become difficult understand	'Students are becoming less interested in poetry
From the passage we learn that students receive different kinds education	'the museum runs a school and has students of its own
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? You n't ask questions case trouble others .	'Co - workers will be important to you when the boss is out .
Which of the following should be the writer 's suggestion   ? Do n't watch TV much .	'Never watch TV .
What is the main idea of the text ? Wolves beat dogs problem - solving tests	'How wolves and dogs differ from each other
"What does the author really mean by saying "" it 's a lot better to take risks when you 're younger "" ? There certain mistakes much better made 're still young plenty time recover ."	"'You should purposely go out and make these mistakes so that you can learn from them and not have them ruin your entire life .', 'When you get older ', "" you 'll have rich experiences to share with your friends and families however dumb you were"
What can we inter from the passage ? Russia , including former Soviet Union , one major countries named person Year far .	'Only an individual can be named Person of the Year nowadays .
From the passage we can know that Bob 's honors thesis helps save power flying solar - powered airplane	'makes his mother feel surprised
According to the text , education cuts have led to the following results EXCEPT that students leave school	"'class sizes at some high schools have risen', ""some students do n't have a desk to sit at"
How can you get 6 movies for 1 C/ each ? Buy six movies Club prices next 3 years .	'Buy two more movies at the low price of $ 6.95 later .
Which of the following is NOT true ? If finger n't cut , n't germs .	'Germs can be found both in water and in the air .
What 's the biggest advantage of a community college ? The students save lot money .	'The students can save much time .
From this passage . we can conclude that desert dangerous full beauty	'the western desert is a good place for people to live in
What is the main advantage of the service from TextbookRental.ca ? It helps students limit school expenses .	'It sells new textbooks at a low price .
What does the text mainly talk about ? Environmental loss dams .	'Environmental benefits of dams
From what Lord May of Oxford said , we can learn that worries future science education .	'the UKhas lost the ability to train scientists and engineers
The growth of the world 's population means greater danger wild life	'people like animals better
What made the researchers surprised when they saw the video images ? Researchers saw fish farthest south first time .	'A video camera was able to work well under deep icy waters .
Suppose a stranger comes to ask you something when you are talking to your friends on the Phone in the street . What will you say to your friend ? Hold .	'Hold a candle .
What does Emma think of her learning style ? Hers may best , may helpful .	"""Top students do n't have to learn her learning style ."
What can you find in A Bite of China ? Relations people food .	'Real lives of all Chinese people .
The best title for this passage is General Introduction library congress	"'The building of the Library of Congress', ""The Library of Congress -- the American 's Pride"
What is the best title for the passage ? The movie 's starting , pop corn !	"""The holiday 's coming "
""" Aging "" in this text means . percentage old people world increasing"	'there are more young people than old people
Daniel Burd exposed one plastic sample to dead bacteria to test effective method	'make the live bacteria work better
The fact that many luxury brands have flocked into China shows that Chinese increased disposable income purchasing power	'China has given up its own culture
From the passage we can learn that Fitzgerald 's wife broke	"""The Beautiful and Damnedwas Fitzgerald 's first novel"
The talk between the girl and Clifford serves as an introduction to connection playing instruments reading	'the importance of reading
Which of the following is supported by the passage ? The author n't dreamed getting rich immediately .	'The author had known Rich Ezzo before .
We can conclude from the passage that money made mothers also contribute child 's wellbeing	"""it does n't matter how much money a father brings home"
Which of the following about Michael Alderman is NOT TRUE ? He agrees lowering salt means fewer heart attacks strokes .	'He is a high blood pressure expert .
From the passage we can see Ron is good artist well story teller poet	'a rich artist
""" But the new economy is a double - edge sword "" in the last passage means The new economy advantages disadvantages"	'The new economy is as sharp as a sword
For Patricia Molope , getting water used to be hard because    The place get water far away home .	"""She did n't know how to use a PlayPump ."
Which of the following attractions is the most popular with people ? Sagrada Familia	'La Pedrera
It is suggested that 5 to 7-year - old children should be given one - hour homework week	'one - hour homework a night
"The sweetness in the lie "" We do not have a favorite child "" is that parents n't want hurt unfavored kids"	'keep telling the same lie seriously
The man followed Mr. Brown because Mr. Brown lived next Mr. White	'he wanted to scare Mr. Brown
One day the maid was n't on the bus and the dog ran around looking maid	'stood waiting at the bus stop till we pulled away
From the passage   we know John thinks breakfast time eight morning .	"""John thinks four o'clock in the morning is teatime ."
Which of the following is TRUE when you get a bad job ? There little possibility decide .	'You can work securely if you are much devoted .
Some students like cheating mainly because cheating make hard things seem easy	'the material in the test is very difficult
Which of the following is NOT true about the hurricanes ? Hurricane Opal hit John 's way school .	'Hurricane Opal hit in 1995 .
The writer 's opinion about after - school clubs is that clubs result competitive pressures	'activities in the country are too competitive
On the third day after being taken to the hospital , situation author 's son suddenly worsened	"""the author 's son finally opened his eyes ."
The passage is probably written to call people make less noise	'compare rubbish and noise
Which of the following is false ? 3 volcano explosions broke 3 , 500 years ago Greece .	'Some people find sightseeing trips boring .
We can safely draw the conclusion that audience think highly shows .	'Hunan TV will obey the regulations issued by the administration .
Chinese literature has been attracting growing attention mainly because cultural communication China western countries developed	'Chinese writers have been writing more and more books in English
The purpose of the book Open Your Eyes : 10 Uncommon Lessons to Discover a Happier Life is to inspire people discover use hidden abilities	'help people come up with better life goals
What 's the best title of the passage ? The First Lady Press -- Helen Thomas	'A Successful News Reporter -- Helen Thomas
The author wrote the passage in order to demand devotion nature future generation	'make a recommendation for a transformed life style
The passage is written mainly to introduce new positioning system Locata	'encourage people to buy the Locata
"What does "" lend a hand "" mean ? It means help someone needs help ."	'It means to lend money to someone who needs help .
Which of the following statements is true ? Many pets eat human food chance .	'It is safe for pets to eat cooked garlic and onions .
From the passage we can infer delivery services facing pressure online sales	'UPS has filled more worker positions than FedEx
Which of the following statement is TRUE ? Some people changed names order get much attentions .	"'Women have to change their names when they get married .', ""Women ca n't use their husband 's name without permission ."
During the next nine months , Dad felt discouraged learning basic things	'often needed the stories of Kitty
Where was Clyde found after his first escape ? At house kilometer away .	'Back in Auckland Zoo .
The Wildlife Conservation Society making efforts help protect rare species area	'has been doing research on the musk deer in this area since 2010
Punch , the old Marine captain was actually Arthur Sulzberger Jr	"""Arthur Sutzberger Sr 's father"
What will most probably be talked about following the text ? How use ginger daily life .	"'Products made from ginger .', ""Ginger 's growing environment ."
What is the passage mainly about ? The order birth effect IQ	'IQ scores have little to do with the order of birth .
If you are free in the afternoon , you can attend New York Writers , New York Stories	'Health 
According to Vikram Desai , children 's earning money by themselves makes them know that money easy get	'money can be gotten from the trees
They are pros of   today 's weather report EXCEPT TV stations play many colourful advertisements	'most TV stations play soft music pieces to relax their audience
What is the main idea of the passage ? Activities parents children park .	'The benefits of parents playing with children .
The writer 's suppose for writing this passage is to blame society tolerating cheats	'explain why people in almost every field cheat
The purpose of the passage is to suggest way dealing tragedy	'analyze the causes of tragedy
What is the main idea of the passage ? Detection dogs help scientists study wildlife .	'Detection dogs can defend wildlife .
The woman who named Death Valley intended to look gold California	'explore the mystery of the valley
When the first wheat appeared , which of the following sentences show woman 's ideas had grown ? They began grow plants .	'They dropped some grass seeds .
What 's the author 's grandfather 's habit ? Keeping coins shirt pocket .	'Giving coins to the poor in the mosque .
From the passage we can infer that present computers college meet demands students	"""computers in the college will be updated to meet the students ' demands soon"
Where is Eleanor 's letter sent to ? The International Institute Not Doing Much .	'ABC Activity Insurance Company .
Why did the school decide to start the class at 1.30 pm ? It may good students ' study .	'Students wanted a morning lie - in .
According to the passage , which of the following is true about the cane toads ? The cane toad brought Australiato kill pests fromAmerica70 years ago .	'The cane toads are strong enough to kill dingos 
We can learn from the passage that lifetime education important	'exploring the food business is difficult
From the passage , we know that Martina Navratilova also tennis player .	'Steffi Graf won the tennis final when she was only 16 .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The writer 's mother 's work clothes might pink .	"'The writer had the dream at night .', ""The writer 's mother was worried about his dream ."
Which is TRUE according to the article ? DNA evidence widely used criminal law cases .	'Everyone in the world has their own unique DNA composition .
The passage shows that EASYUNI.com helps students find appropriate universities .	'decides which university a student should go .
Finally the girl decided to walk to the next stop , hoping find people	'to find more buses there
According to the passage , a visa is legal document issued country permit foreigner travel country request enter	'something that permits a foreign citizen to travel to the USA
What is the main idea of the passage ? How Siwosz realized dream .	'How Siwosz left Poland .
Why did the United Nations launch the campaign ? Because United Nations wanted reduce road accidents economic costs .	'Because two million people were killed in the accidents .
Tim stops to ask way	'drive the old man home
What can we learn from the passage ? The number American senior students applying financial aid increasing .	'Rachel Brown has given up NYU because of its high tuition and big debts .
According to the passage , where would the project be more easily carried out ? In large towns agreement quickly reached .	'In large communities with little sense of unity .
What can we infer from the passage ? The opponent team let Shay score purposely .	"""Shay 's team would have lost the game without him ."
Who had to pay 400 dollars for the surgery ? One Australian men shot pain test .	'A British woman who dumped a cat in a rubbish bin .
What is the dream in the article ? Visiting foreign country .	'Growing healthy rice .
The case last October was important because kind evidence supplied accepted court	'the store got the dresses back
Dr . David Faxon thinks the self - contained heart still experimental stage	'will replace donor hearts
From the story we can guess small man first time go cinema .	'the small man is afraid of   the big woman .
If you are very interested in banking , you can visit Ancient City Pingyao	'the Old City of Jerusalem
Helen Hunt would n't allow her daughter to become a child star because she thinks child star may ruin future	'child stars often take drugs and alcohol
WithY=300 , child go school year	'one child can go to school for nine years
Which would be the best title for the passage ? TV Watching Is Bad Babies ' Brains	"""A New Study on Babies ' Bad Habits"
Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? First Gay Marriage Legalized New York	'Religious Debate on Marriage
When it senses movement , the RFID Bikealarm will make warning sound	'fasten the bicycle tightly
If you choose a theme of Tropical Rainforest , what kind of works of art can you make ? A colorful rainforest bird .	'A take - home plaster mold .
The best title    for this passage is The dolphin	"""Dolphin 's talk"
Which of the following is TRUE ? Jenny enjoyed playing music right instrument .	'Betty was more interested in playing the piano .
Which of the following about the four museums mentioned in the text is NOT true ? They free charge .	'They are all located in New York .
Which of the following statements is not true ? The stress academic work caused Nash 's illness .	'John Nash did not go mad totally .
We can draw the conclusions EXCEPT that anyone eager learn skiing wanted The Action Center	"'teens can develop confidence and teamwork via music and drama', ""kids and school problems wo n't feel bored when assessed and treated \n In The Therapy Space"
Which of the following brands belong to Toyota family ? Corona , Prius , Lexus , Corolla	'Toyopet 
It can be inferred from the passage that snowing outside story happened	'the two children had never seen a matched cup and saucer .
From this report , we know Zhang Lili kind , brave excellent teacher	"""the boy 's mother did n't know Zhang Lili was hurt"
Which of the following statements can best describe the main idea of the pasage ? Driving GPS difficult .	'Driving confusions can be caused by small screens .
What would be the best title for this text ? A Dallas Mom Killing Her Two Children	'A Woman Who Suffers From Autism
The most suitable title for the passage is Dance Away Your Weight	'Play the Video Dance Game
What is the passage mainly about ? A reason start American Revolutionary War .	'Tea trade in eighteenth - century America .
If a person enjoys riding horses , he may choose The Magic Mountain Hotel	'Dog Bark Inn
What do we know about e - cigarettes ? E - cigarettes becoming popular among teenagers .	"'School students like e - cigarettes more than adults do .', ""People wo n't let addicted to e - cigarettes ."
Which of the following is against law while water skiing ? Go skiing midnight .	"""An observer does n't watch the skier ."
"Why does the author say "" the fun really begins "" when the parents return with food ? The chicks run parents trying get food ."	'The chicks play games with each other while eating .
Modern advertisement was born as a result of Industrial Revolution	'the appearance of the first printer advertisement
The whole passage implies that animals able solve simple problems	"'only human beings have problem - solving intelligence', ""a person 's memory is different from a computer 's in every aspect"
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Most Parisians often dress simple designs usually dark .	'The majority of Parisians always wear formal clothes .
In the experiment , what should you do right after you pour the water over the spoon ? Place potato jar .	'Add the salt to the water .
When Kyle MacDonald started his Internet bartering , he n't expect anyone give house paper clip	"'hoped that someone would give him a house for his paper clip', ""did n't know if anyone would exchange a house for a paper clip"
Which of the following statements is true ? An improper diet may cause eating disorder .	"'A person needs about 800 calories each day .', ""A person who does n't eat bread is unhealthy ."
Young Londoners go to see boat races bicycle	'beautiful lakes on foot
Who teaches the man 's baby the Law of the Jungle ? Baloo Bagheera .	'Shere Khan and Mother Wolf .
How are Japanese tofu dishes different from Chinese tofu dishes ? They preserved original taste .	'They are served the same way throughout the year 
As for lights , which of the following statements is false ? Bright lighting bedroom light mood .	'A partner may come with a tall burning floor light in the south - west corner of your room .
Ms . Muller was surprised at the news about her winning the award because thought unknown writer field	'she was born a Romanian and became a famous German writer
What is the passage mainly about ? The change author 's attitude mother 's English .	"'The author \'s misunderstanding of "" limited "" English ."
According to the passage , AI machines can   make lives easier	'be much smarter than humans
Which of these is not right ? John exercises Sundays .	'John watches TV after dinner on Saturdays .
Which of the following is most related to children 's reading ability ? Parents ' educational background	'Television - watching
What is the text mainly about ? A new service letter writing .	'An old art of letter writing .
It can be inferred that different times different themes American dream	"""America ' s golden dream could never be realized"
From the text we can infer Dr John Goode 's method stopping smoking successful	'Joseph Saimders has worked in New Urban University for 12 years
Which of the following is NOT true of loud music ? It helped performers respond faster objects suddenly stepping way .	'It helped the performers to brake sooner at red lights .
Which might be the best title for this passage ? Policeman wrong street	'Signs at the crossroads
Which of the following statements is true ? All brands orange - colored glasses reliable ability aid sleep .	'The older a person is 
What can we infer from Malala 's speech at the United Nations ? Many girls developing countries receive education .	"'Malala Day is an international day for all the boys and girls .', ""Many country leaders have changed their policies to protect women and children 's rights ."
According to the passage , one can get information about different kinds of dogs reading books dogs	'by asking someone who has enough experience about different kinds of dogs
"By saying "" he is n't one for jewelry "" , the royal officers meant that Prince William person n't like wearing jewelry ."	"""Prince William is n't a person who is crazy about collecting jewelry ."
What can we know about aspirin according to the passage ? Aspirin harm inside stomach small intestine .	'Aspirin can treat almost diseases .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Long periods space affect health astronauts .	'Scientists are trying to find out how to protect astronauts .
It can be inferred from the text that race area easy reach	'it was the fourth time that the bear had attacked people
What is the main advantage of the service from TextbookRental . ca ? It helps students limit school expenses .	'It sells new textbooks at a 10w price .
The writer started speech lessons at the age of four because could speak well	'he wanted to be a good teacher
Which of the following is TRUE about Nyhavn ? Andersen made home .	'Rich people seldom walk along it
According to the advertisements , we can learn that jobs mentioned text require experience	'all the reviews of applications will begin immediately
What can we infer from the passage ? The environment changed healthier lot .	'All the butterflies have returned to the reserve .
Which of the following is right ? Tom 's mother forgets give Bill food .	"'There are few children at the party .', 'Bill throws   his plate out of the window .', ""Bill is n't angry   at all "
The Macedonian army could defeat the Persians at Issus mainly because Macedonian soldiers could fight better mountain pass	"""Darius did n't command his army in the battlefield"
The purpose in writing this text is introduce recycling system high rises	'to describe the use of computer technology in recycling
We can learn from the passage that Doctor Nelson n't think necessary see doctor immediately person temperature 40degC	"""does n't believe in the old advice about preventing colds"
What is the main idea of this passage ? Smartphones lengthening working hours .	'Smartphones are becoming valuable for many people .
Since its founding in 1971 , NASDAQ has contributed to expected development many companies	'raising money for many companies
What 's the weather like in Hainan ? It 's cold year round .	"""It 's very hot all year round ."
Mr. Henry thought that Mrs. Bond told truth	'Janet had scolded Anna
What is the effect of atmosphere ? It makes earth neither hot cold .	'It only traps the heat of the sun .
Some programs can find out possible cheaters by checking question answering speed	'producing a large number of question
We can conclude from the text that blame children needs parents ' wisdom	"""parents often ignore their children 's hobbies"
The story suggests that dog owners trouble renting	'keeping a dog is easy
"Which of the following sentences can explain "" better use of roads""by 2020 mentioned in the passage ? Computer - driven cars drive much closer together cars driven people ."	'Motorists can have a clear view of the road whatever the weather conditions are .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Au staff qualified divers wide knowledge best diving .	"""It 's impossible to be offered tailor - made packages when you join Dive Clubs ."
Mrs. Laing believes that sportsmen allowed carry advertising TV	'advertising cigarettes should be officially forbidden at football matches
We know from the passage that Lohri name munchies children collect	'is celebrated both indoors and outdoors
What did scientists discover in their experiment in the 20th century ? Stimulation parts brain causes physical reaction .	"'The majority of the brain is sleeping .', ""Animals ' legs and tails have some connection with their brain ."
What can we know about Sunshine Village ? Its snow thickest four .	'It is a ski hill in Europe .
Where is an airport according to the passage ? It 's usually far city .	"""It 's usually in a big city ."
Which of the following prevents mums from achieving their goals ? Being tired much housework .	'Lacking their own interests and hobbies .
Since James is weak in French reading comprehension he may choose private Tutoring	'elite Lessons
After the teacher 's explanation , students understood meaning income tax	'all the students shook their heads
What is the purpose of the program that the speaker describes ?     To offer tutorials elementary school students .	'To help education majors prepare for final exams .
Rich Kleinfeldt might be a emcee   radio program	'boss from a company
According to the passage , we can know dating industry popular	"""women wo n't spend money when dating"
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Pissarides thinks work surprising .	'The work of Pissarides has influenced many economists .
"The "" Mars town "" mentioned in the passage is     experimental lab built Earth ."	'a research base on Mars .
According to what Nellie said ,     Sometimes whatmy guy friends giveisjustwhatI need .	"'Her boyfriend enjoys she and her guy friend stay together .', ""When I 'm out with the boys "
Serpentine line was invented to guarantee first - come - first - served principle	'make the waiting line move faster
The difference between newspaper stories and TV news reports is that people can learn news story newspaper	'read the news story more quickly in a newspaper
We can mainly learn from the passage that dangers within car given attention	'only 10 % of the drivers remember to keep their car clean
What happened right after David went into Adam 's room ? David heard noise coming Adam 's closet .	"'Adam awoke to strange sounds coming from his bedroom closet .', ""Adam jumped into David 's bed ."
It can be inferred that Mr. Walker took action receiving books order	'several sets of books have been sent to Mr. Walker free of charge
What can we infer   from the story ? Corky stayed school 100 days .	'Corky went to the school to kill his enemy .
According to the passage , Shanghai educators and parents argue that reform may accomplish opposite .	"'the new exam and admission system will make no difference .', ""English should n't be removed from China 's college entrance exam ."
What is Pan Guangxue 's opinion on Sihanouk 's death ? It little negative effect bilateral relationship .	'It will more or less damage the bilateral relationship .
The meaning of the conductor 's words is dog must sit chair	"""the dog 's feet are like the other people"
According to the passage we can know that vacationers beach risk sunburn	'vacationing at the beach is the first but one
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Food status .	'Food as identity .
New technologies could travel along the Silk Road because people learned one another	'traded goods along the route
Why did the professor agree to give more money if he lost ? He thought knew farmer .	'He made much more money than the farmer .
Which of the following statements is true ? Digital learning helps Mooresville 's test scores graduation rates go .	'All students in Mooresville have digital devices .
The practical method suggested in this passage means eating many carbohydrates	'eating things that are hard to digest
When did the author decide to become a motivational speaker ? After listening Mr. Ziegler 's inspiring speech .	'After buying a new home by mortgage .
What 's the text mainly about ? Julia Rhodes work .	'Why Julia Rhodes works in RES .
What is mainly discussed in this passage ? The origin    development English .	'The historical invasions of Britain .
We can learn from the text that Elizabeth received strong support sister	'refused to go to study at Yale University
The study showed that     students studied geography seldom went school building	"""about 10 % of British schools did n't organize field trips regularly"
In Britain , people usually greet each other with handshake	'a kiss on the cheek
Why did they start the group ? Because want protect environment .	"""Because they do n't like cigarette ."
Why was the lesson the most successful one the boy had ever learned ? Because hurt see father suffer physically emotionally .	'Because he felt guilty at seeing his father walk all the way home .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? David wants money buy football .	'David makes money by sending letters .
The research at Duke University indicated that     Habit plays vital role one 's behavior .	"""One 's behavior is tough to change ."
The text wants to tell us sports	'why children need to do exercise
Lao Yang hoped article could chosen	'his article could surprise the teacher
From the data of the survey , we learn media - centric children spend three hours day media use	'children in media - centric families are smarter than others
What plays an important role in making Mars ' water in the state of liquid ? Perchlorates Mar 's water .	'The thick atmosphere around Mars .
YouTube is used by David Taub advertise business	'to sell his guitars
Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? Nie Haisheng elever - year - old daughter .	'Yang Liwei was born in Jiangsu .
How many points did the low self - respect participants get after repeating the self - help book phrase ? An average 10 points .	'An average of 17 points .
Which of the following is true ? America first company sell mountains white bread .	'White bread has a history of about 800 years .
Why does Winnie like the difficult subject ? Because believes one tries best , everything done well .	"""Because someone thinks it 's difficult to study well ."
Who needed an operation at once ? The man 's son .	'Doctor Van .
The example of the author 's time as a Naval Officer is used to illustrate seldom true emergencies life	'there are many true emergencies in life
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? Bruce Lee two months old first saw movie .	"'Bruce Lee set up a Kung Fu school while he was studying in Seattle .', ""It 's the movie Fists of Fury that made Bruce Lee famous in the world ."
Which of the following best describes the new music video The Fox ? It catch viewers ' heart easily amusing tune dance .	'It features the same story with the music video Gagnam Style .
What surprised the author about drinking water in the US ? People drink hot water .	'People prefer to drink sodas .
Which of the following attractions is the most popular ? Sagrada Familia .	'Barcelona FC Museum .
Who can swim like a fish ? Li Qiang 's father .	'Wang Tao .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? The dragon mentioned used flag two countries .	'The national rugby team from the South Africa is well known as the Wallabies .
What would be the best title for the text ? New Hope Elephants	'Elephants Need Our Help
We can infer from the passage that volunteers going Cameroon able speak French	"""serving children in every corner of the world is the Web designer 's duty"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Not many elementary schools continue teach foreign language .	"""The government does n't support this program ."
From Paragragh 3 , we can learn that winner watch films free one year Cineworld Cinema.\	"""the winner 's short film can be shown in any cinema"
"This passage is mainly about cultural phenomenon named "" Liyuan style """	"""President Xi 's wife Peng"
Which group of words and phrases is NOT the fresh words for the dictionary of this    year ? couch potatoes , surf , psychology , Americanize .	'mouse potatoes 
What can we learn from the text ? Vardy proved valuable Leicester City .	"""Vardy 's soccer career has always been smooth ."
What advantages does Horton bring to workers ? You get several cities quickly train .	'There are plenty of jobs available in the town .
According to the advertisement , which of the following DOESN'T belong to soft skills ? Driving skills .	'Leadership skills .
From the passage , we know smokers stop smoke time time	'spend a lot of time breaking the habit of smoking
Why did the results of research puzzle the researchers ? They expected opposite results .	'People could choose their information through Internet .
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Ethical Traveler rewards developing countries right thing .	'Tourism fails to help develop local economy and provide jobs .
It is surprising that Americans who worship variety and individuality hold uniform high regard	'still judge a man by his clothes
Which of the following about News 2 is TRUE ? After checking books become better better .	"'There are many mistakes in most of the textbooks ', "" dictionaries and children 's books ."
We can infer from the text that life hard young family .	'the couple worked 60 hours a week .
From the passage , we learn that worries kids experience vary one another	'not kids but adults may get worried about something
From the text , we can learn that older gentleman would smile later got smile card	"""John got a smile card from the writer 's daughter"
By giving people a 5 % discount , Owner Mark Gold wants his customers to improve face - - face communication	'say no to smartphones
""" 40 "" Thank ."	"""It 's your ruler ."
From the passage we know that Peter worried safety George tricks sky	'Peter thanked George for the nice trip
The text is mainly about South Pacific islands'renewable energy project	"""Tokelau 's solar power project"
Which of the stores pays its special attention to women 's dressing ? Galeries Lafayette .	'Le Bon Marche .
Why does the author suggest the Chinese name of the destination be learnt ? Because helps know clearly get bus .	'Because it can prevent people from missing the bus they want to board .
Domestic service became a female job m ainly because men employed industry	'women took care of children
What can we infer about meditation from the passage ? Its benefits immediately obvious .	'It is practiced by many famous artists .
The main idea of the passage is eating better mood	'eating to make you calm
64 . According to the passage when people think about holidays they care much for get holidays	'where to spend their holidays
Why has the skin lightening become a common activity all over the world ? People light skin seem advantages people dark skin .	'There are many products that can make the dark skin light .
Which of the following is TRUE ? The 3-D printing cheaper faster future .	'The normal printer can build 3-D objects you want .
What is learning about culture ? Learning visible well hidden differences culture .	'Learning the hidden part of the iceberg 
What would probably happen at last ? Johnny would get $ 2,500 newspaper .	'The court would give $ 250 back to Johnny .
According to the passage , online education has many advantages EXCEPT that students n't need courses lectures	"""students do n't have to go to the classrooms according to the timetable"
Where can you park your car for the least cost ? The south lot .	'The Adler lot .
If you were a parent , which of the following methods is TRUE according to the text ? You sometimes leave children peace wish childhood .	"""You could treat your children not so seriously for they do n't understand many things ."
When Paul was a boy , hit young visitor comments wasteland	'the economy of Utah depended wholly on the copper smelter
We can learn from the passage that group buying becoming popular China	"'China is the first country to start group buying', 'the price of group buying depends on the market', ""you ca n't get the best you need through group buying"
Why does the writer mention Brooke Stephens ? To explain parents strict children developing good habits money .	'To compare Stephens with other financial experts .
Mr. Ding teacher Chinese	'can speak English . Too
How do suburban commuters travel to and from the city in Copenhagen at present ? About one third suburban commuters travel bike .	'More than half of the suburban commuters travel by bike .
Who called them while they were talking ? Mr Green 's mother .	"""Mr Green 's father ."
What do we learn about George Washington from the text ? His artificial teeth collected National Museum Dentistry .	'He once visited the National Museum of Dentistry .
The main idea of the passage is that teachers help parents use better ways teach children	'home training is more important than school training
Which of the following is NOT TRUE about PlayPump ? People need pay clean water PlayPump .	'Both children and parents enjoy the ride on PlayPump .
What doCS the text mainly talk about ? Customs American Indians ' names .	"""Ongins of American Indians ' names"
What 's the best title of the passage ? Some expressions horse .	'The horse is a kind of useful animal .
What can be inferred about David ? He recovered months treatment .	'He went into university soon after starting to talk .
Which of the following does cstephie13 probably agree with The people guns , people killed .	'The USA has one of the highest murder rates in the world .
The following statements are true according to the reading EXCEPT Clapp sure found Ubar	'Clapp made this discovery with the help of caravan routes on the maps
One of the assumptions on which Frito - Lay bases its development strategy is that consumers worldwide today attracted global brands	"'local brands can not compete successfully with American brands', ""products suiting Chinese consumers ' needs bring more profits"
What can be inferred about TitanicII from the passage ? TitanicII space lifeboats Titanic .	'TitanicII will be the largest cruise ship in the world .
Dr. Verma 's warning indicates that women men hardly perform behavior	'women and men can hardly learn from each other
"Why does it say "" At first , it is not easy to feel these things ? "" Because people feel things often"	'the things are used by people 
Which of the following is NOT true ? You spend much money buying gifts teacher .	'Chatting with a classmate who has few friends is also a good holiday gift .
What is said about men in the passage ? Some men stay home children .	'Only men are sports reporters .
How can you ensure your safety when swimming ? You swim red flags .	'You should swim with the life guard .
Researchers took X - rays of two Cuvier 's beaked whales in order to know way whale hears	"'find out why they had died and washed up on the beach', ""make a computer model of a Cuvier 's beaked whale 's head"
Why do the dancers move fast in the Mexican waltz ? To keep music .	'To catch up with the other dancers .
The main idea of this passage is that Researchers find air pollution shortens life	'PM2.5 is of especially great health concern
Which of the following about chlorophyll is NOT true ? It turns leaves red autumn .	"""Without it photosynthesis could n't happen ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Some critics like lotteries many poor people waste money .	'Politicians like lotteries because they do not have to pay extra tax .
From the passage we can conclude that author different opinion child stars	'few child stars will succeed in the future
The army and police officers are called on to     learn hero make sure safety stability society	'set an example to the Chinese people in carrying out their mission and task
The author writes the passage mainly to introduce Japanese custom bowing	'introduce the history of bowing in Japan
Which of the following is NOT the help from people around the world ? Giving financial supports	'Offering book names .
"Why does Mars appear to be bigger and brighter when it passes "" opposition "" ? It moves elliptical orbit ."	'It is overtaking the earth .
Some negative people base their happiness on making people unhappy	"""other people 's pity for them"
From this passage , we know teacher 's love save student	"""Mrs. Thompson was n't interested in Teddy 's study"
Why did people write and record so many songs about summer ? They like summer .	'Summer is warm .
What Schipper said showed that she learned lot Gould	"""was no longer Gould 's friend"
To hire teen models , the clients are advised to make use online modeling sites	'find modeling agencies
What is the most important clue in the story to help Ken Roberts find the hare ? Katherine Aragon .	"""Stevenson 's Treasure Island ."
The purpose of the spaceship IcarusI is to save Sun dying	'help the crew on IcarusII
What do know from the passage future models able tell part likely hit	'The warnings from DSCOVR will be for just some part of Earth
This story is mainly about poverty progress African village	'the schools and hospitals in an African village
What can we know about African wild dogs ? African wild dogs run speed 15 / long distance .	'In a pack there may be about 90 wild dogs and no leader .
The manager called my neighbor in when he saw him because found hard satisfy customers	"""he did n't have enough shoes for his customers"
The reason why Timothy hated his family included that brother treated unreasonable way .	"""his family did n't care about what he was doing at school ."
Why does Mother say that my sisters can be my best friends ? Because sisters always .	'Because we fight over toys 
What can we learn from the text ? The woman husband probably separated crowd .	"""The people around were angry at the woman 's loud voice ."
Which of the following is true Mr. Clarke decided go coming touch dog .	"'Mr. Clarke thought the dog was more useful than the doctor .', ""Mr. Clarke would n't hurt his dog ."
According to this passage , dairy products lower body fat girls	'always prevent girls from becoming fat
What is the finding of the study ? One 's heart affects feels fear .	"""fear is a result of one 's relaxed heartbeat ."
Ted wants his roommates to stop playing computer games	'play games in the day 
If a person has his nose in the air , he always thinks important others	'is down to the earth
We describe a day on which everything goes wrong as a    black	'red
Bali is distinguished from the rest of Indonesia by influence Hinduism culture .	"""people 's tight family relationship ."
What would most likely happen next ? Marc would join family house moving .	"""Marc would bring his records over to the Lyons 's house ."
Where was ice used after the Civil War ? In refrigerating freight cars households .	'In families of New York 
Where did the writer notice the lady at first ? On flight St. Louis .	'On the flight to Minnesota .
Which of the following is Not mentioned ? A great many rabbits eat much trees .	'Rabbits make too much caves .
All of the following are helpful in healing EXCEPT going virtual art galleries	'going to an art museum
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Listening speaking important beginners .	"'Listening is very important while speaking is not .', 'The more you speak ', "" the more mistakes you 'll make ."
What can we know from the text ? Lots contemporary Chinese clothing made synthetic fibers .	'Linen is only used to make Chinese summer clothing .
We can learn from the passage that three parts GPS	"""a GPS ca n't be put into a watch"
What is the best title of this passage ? An Amazing Career	"""The World 's Oldest Tennis Player"
What does Mrs. Black want to do ? She wants go post office .	'She wants to send a card to Mary .
Which sentence shows that divorce was very uncommon at that time ? I child n't father home Father 's Day .	"'My parents divorced when I was 8 years old .', ""My parents ' marriage was a mistake of World War II ."
"In the writer 's opinion , Asimov 's "" Foundation Series "" written better "" Robot Series "" ways"	"'was not as successful as his "" Robot Series """
What 's the best title for the passage ? A Young Boy 's Groceries .	'A Day for a Boy .
What does the writer think of the debate concerning the relationship between the media and violence ? More studies conducted conclusions drawn .	'It should come to an end since the matter has now been settled .
The passage is written in order to attract readers course	'suggest ways to prepare for the course
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? The pace life different city country .	'Most Australians have ancestors who were prisoners .
from the advertisement we can see a car hirer will pay extra money for insurance injury driver	'insurance against damage to the car
It can be concluded from the passage that Andy boy loved school much	"""Andy 's mother might feel sorry for her son"
The airline companies say that they have raised the lost - ticket replacement price in order to pay work deal lost tickets	'punish those who insist on using paper tickets
What can people take to the grave sites according to the passage ? Flowers , food , wine joss paper .	'Food 
Mr. Smith gets angry because the thief n't stop	'runs away
It can be inferred that the best way to protect sea horses is to teach fishermen farm sea horses	'do more research on sea horses
What tax does an American have to pay to the city if he owns a car ? Excise tax .	'Property tax .
In spite of   a college student , Blackburn spends time business studies course	'keeps in touch with his business office by movable phone
What is the purpose of this writing ? To introduce readers cleverly - designed flat	"""To sell Chan 's flat for more money"
What was the basis of photography ? The discovery light darkens silver salt .	'The invention of the camera .
What is Myanmar 's policy toward the aids from abroad ? Myanmar receives donation relief aid country without limit .	'Myanmar prefers cash donation to relief goods .
Mr Flowers stayed in or close by his glass - houses     times school - boys walking near	'all the school day when there were no boys around
What 's the main purpose of the passage ? To employ native English teachers teach China .	'To provide the best English language training .
The passage is mainly about group cold - water swimming lovers	"""the polar bears ' life"
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Asian tsunami kills many people , many become homeless .	'The tsunami was so powerful that it smashed boats and people .
When Danny Dipietro 's mother found the elderly woman , the elderly woman lain garage two hours	'was trapped in her garage with her dog
What can we learn from the text ? The film Skyfallwill released later planned .	'It is the first time that Daniel Craig has played Bond .
In the writer 's opinion ,    Learning grammar rules , new words phrases part English learning .	'English learners should not spend time on grammar rules 
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To outline contrasting types economic systems .	'To explain the science of economics .
The housing supply system is constructed to    guarantee people 's basic residential needs	'handle the roles of government and housing market
Which one is NOT TRUE about China 's migrant workers according to the report ? The people cities welcome migrant workers though outsiders .	'The people around the country should help the migrant workers .
Which of the following might be the best title for the passage ? Big Railway Dreams .	'New Railway Standards .
Which of the following is not true ? The atmosphere bus cheerful lively first .	"""People were surprised at the old man 's first greeting ."
According to the passage , the French company allowed produce sausages .	'sold 750 tons beef as horse - meat .
According to Robert Schwartz , high school students should get contact working world	'directly carry on higher education
Which of the following is true according to this passage ? The number tourists Antarctic 5 times large 17 years ago .	'Antarctica tourism has a history of about 17 years
It can inferred from the passage that scientists get proof research moon	'no country can be equal to China in exploring space
What is the article mainly about ? A new theory Stonehenge .	'The history of Stonehenge .
Which of the following information is mentioned   in the passage ? Sarah found business chance research .	"""Sarah was not interested in Bobby 's idea ."
What does Kate think of her high school years now ? She thinks great .	"'She thinks her high school years were full of regrets .', ""She does n't remember what happened then at all ."
Which of the following is the best title of this passage ? The Fight Cheating Online Education	'The Advantages of Online Exams
Which of the following things paparazzi might do would be against the law ? Getting unsuitable pictures 10-year - old actress published .	'Taking pictures of famous people in public places .
What should we do to reduce waste according to the passage ? To copy way Nature wastes nothing .	'To create more things that can be repaired quickly .
Which of the following is True ? Students n't eat much fried food .	'Eating snacks is good for your health .
"The words "" the hottest prospect "" refer to person produces heat"	'the person who suffers most from heat
This text is intended to introduce new easy way instant communication	'point out the virtues and faults of Twitter
It can be learned from the text that Association always ready help residents	'people should leave the broken chairs on the stairs
10,000 years ago , people learned farm land	"'cooked different kinds of food', ""could n't find food around them"
The freelance cameramen take great risks course work	'have better skills than other cameramen
In Lee 's experiment , those who did n't wash their hands after making a choice valued choice	'felt regretful about their choice
Why was the captain angry with his crew officer ? He n't want disturbed .	'The crew officer shouted too loudly .
What should you do first when you find your identity is stolen ? Inform creditors open new accounts name without permission .	'Ask for copies of your credit reports and make sure no other frauds have been made .
What can we infer   from the passage ? The GPS become common everyday life .	'All GPS devices have electronic maps .
If you want to cook food quickly , which kind of sun - cooker is your best choice ? parabolic cooker	'a box cooker
If you want to enjoy the Dragon Dances , you can go to Rue Royale Port Louis , Mauritius	'the Grant Avenue in San Francisco
Which of the following is true according to psychologists , young people put importance achievement rather appearance	'celebrities are famous because of their appearances rather than their achievement
What is the subject discussed in the text ? The French influences English language	'The similarity between English and French .
Why does n't technology solve the annoying phenomenon of telemarketers ? Some unknown numbers might telemarketers , also might somebody important .	'Caller ID only shows the name and number of friends and family .
which sentence is true ? If want successful life , must strong body .	'If sudents want to get better results in studies 
"What does the writer mean by saying "" They will hardly leave a sign "" ? Some people wo n't leave impression travelers ."	"'Nothing will happen to some people on the train .', ""Some people on the train wo n't offer a helping hand ."
What is the main idea of the passage ? Book clubs popular among American kids .	'Book clubs develop very fast in America .
The most appropriate title of this passage should be On , alone	'A friend in need is a friend indeed
Which of the following is the most important thing that the writer has learned from his father ? Keep learning job hold .	'Watch clearly while doing a job .
According to the article , the launch of the satellite proves hard - working teenagers achieve lot	'is evidence of the advance of spacecraft technology
From the passage , we learn that schools England make use football games training character	'England is better than all the European countries
We are ready to do a certain job , we may say ; Let 's get hand	'get out of hand
By an EZ - Link care , you can take buses trains	'only trains
When Werner Freund feeds his wolves , bites meat firstly	'wolves challenge his authority
From the story of Wang Lina we can learn that university graduate realize value matter work	'Wang had great difficulty in helping villagers plant organic strawberries
Which of the following is right about the CRH trains ? Taking CRH train expensive fast .	'The workers on the first CRH train are not kind .
"By saying "" My dog could tell the difference between bottled and tap water "" ( Para 2 ) , von Wiesenberg wants to convey the message that bottled water clearly superior tap water"	'plain tap water is certainly unfit for drinking
The best title for this passage may be The Attraction Bookshops	'How to Spend Your Time
Why did the little crippled boy 's father cry ? Because happy see son 's excitement .	"""Because the orphan boy became his son 's only friend ."
Which of the following is TRUE ? Studying little every day good study .	'Cramming is more important than studying well .
Which of the following is TRUE about the school clubs ? School officers help new students join school clubs .	'There are fewer students from higher grades in the school clubs .
What is probably the best title for the article ? Vacations Cost More Than You Think	'Tourism Causes Bad Effects .
Which of the following is true of the drug Shaun took ? It one prescription .	'It should not be taken before going to bed .
It can be inferred from the passage that nowadays people want change skin color1 suffer lot damage caused chemical treatment	'Europeans and Africans have the same gene
"Why does the author say "" She will continue to inspire people all over the world "" ? Her love poor faith kept people 's hearts ."	'She was not a social worker but a loyal nun for all people .
In order to help yourself find a new job soon , you 'd better go to Fairview Park Branch North Olmsted Branch	'Bay Village Branch and Fairview Park Branch
"The police give many suggestions except ""   Do share news social media"	'Do not use the locating    function on social media
The passage starts with an elephant story in order to explain that in India man - elephant relationship getting worse	'people easily fall victim to elephants attacks
What can we learn from this passage ? Support family important special groups like transgender .	'Many people feel difficult to accept who themselves really are .
The writer thought parents should      . choose proper ways educate children	'be strict with children
What does the author think is a surprise ? Some states still keep tobacco tax low .	'Teen smokers are price sensitive .
What 's the passage mainly about ? Compared female 's , male jobless rate becomes higher .	'The female unemployment rate remains much the same as before .
What contribution did Robert Fortune made on his many trips to the world ? A successful tea industry established India .	'He invented a tightly sealed portable glass container .
The parrot was expensive because could talk people	'it was a very unusual bird
The passage is mainly concerned about water food shortages	'the future problems in the world
The following statements are true EXCEPT Soldiers doctors brave well - educated	"""All people do n't make their work the main object of their lives"
The author gives the example of the computer programmers in the same office to show extreme sports gaining popularity	'young people love risks
We can infer from me text that writer sure whether disabling devices accepted drivers	'most people realize the harmfulness of distracted driving
What does the author want to tell us most ? Women 's brains better organized language communication .	'Women love to talk because they are more sociable than men .
When Edward applied for the job as a runner for a solicitor , solicitor n't offer job could n't read	"""the solicitor turned him down because he was n't intelligent enough"
What did Jessica do to Brittany ? She played trick Brittany .	"""She laughed at Brittany 's performance"
We can conclude that necessary live different views beauty	'tattoos and piercings are a new kind of elegant art
We can learn from the text that Ray LaHood strongly use technology cars	"""thinks it 's easy and practical to invent the technology"
From the article , we can conclude that Alice Wilder critical thinker works hard goals	"'is a successful feminist blogger with hundreds of followers', ""believes that teenage girls should n't read fashion magazines"
Which eye movement can not hide your feelings ? Smiling eyes .	'Looking side to side .
It is implied that              less use bodily organ may lead degeneration .	'human beings will become less attractive in the future .
What can be inferred from the notice ? A lot paper wasted .	'Most of the employees are against the rules .
What 's the main idea of the text ? People copy nature create new technologies .	'Biomimicry is widely used in the world .
What can we learn from the second story ? Scientists still sure whether monster Loch Ness .	'Loch Ness is very deep and warm lake in Scotland .
All of the following are advantages of a green school EXCEPT beautiful traditional school	'the air quality of the school is great
It can be learned that a participant vote submission	'must write the story in English
The main idea of this passage should be that Beliefs powerful .	'Beliefs make us seem stupid .
What is the author 's attitude towards his courses ? He n't think necessary .	'He is sick of the humanity courses .
Estefan 's father was ill returned Vietnam War	'when they settled down in Miami
""" Instead of helping you , your own language gets in your way.""This sentence means that memorizing your own language can stop mastering English"	'help you to study English well
Which of the following is TRUE , according to the passage ? Minnie gave writer doll one birthdays .	'The writer never had arguments with Minnie .
Suppose an 8-year - old child receives 10 dollars as his birthday gift , he may probably saved bank	'spend the money on the things he wants
The students were shocked at the picture the writer showed them because powerful sunlight writer 's daughter would got suntan	'they thought it shameful for a girl only to wear a swimsuit
Why does it take Maria much time to buy things ? Because wants find thing cheaper .	'Because she likes going around .
From the passage , we can know that Amelia showed interest flying taken aerial show	"""Amelia 's parents never got on well with each other"
The best title of the passage may be My family 's Favorite TV Shows	'Popular TV shows
Over - washing can make hair dried	'get your hair to be healthier
Alec appears quite friendly to Tess mainly because Tess pretty girl	'Tess is his distant relation
It 's possible to grow plants on Mars because enough sunlight	'the soil is good on Mars
The passage mainly tells us something about device made measure laughter	'how to measure laughter
Which one is NOT right about Jinji Lake ? It built United States architectural company .	"""Jinji Lake won the highest search rate during this year 's May Day holiday ."
The article is mainly about A college student made fantastic 3-D braces .	'a 3-D printer made braces cheaper
The best title for this passage might be Handicaps People Disabilities	'The Causes for Disabilities
It can be inferred from the passage that playing sports makes us confident happy	'most people play sports just for fun
The boys and girls like Mr. Lin because nice	'his store is tidy
What 's the main idea of the passage ? A phone app introduced relieve pressure traffic city .	'Safety concerns are voiced about a phone app aimed at helping drivers find parking spots .
Swimming in the sea you 'd better not swim far like	'within the sight of the lifeguard
In which activity will you get something as a reward ? Pirate Snorkel Adventure .	"""Atlantis Marine World 's Trainer Program ."
Why are the Indians not afraid of getting old ? Because got ready old age .	'Because old people are respected in India .
The main idea of this passage is development extreme sports	'extreme sports are certainly not for everyone
What can we learn from the text ? The jumpers proved effective penguins .	"'Only Ms Blom was glad to knit penguin jumpers .', ""It 's Ms Blom that created the penguin jumper designs ."
What excited the scientists most is that three kinds animals live places oxygen	'they found three animal species visit the salty water under the Mediterranean Sea
It can be inferred from the passage that professors prejudice classical liberal ideas	'intellectual investigation are put great value on in college
In the author 's opinion , it is a perfect way to grow old slowly die unnoticed	'grow old suddenly and then die
What can we infer from the passage ? The MP3 player helps Joey finding Mary .	"""Joey is just like other boys in Mary 's class ."
If you are interested in history you will visit Mesa Verde National Park	'Rocky Mountain National Park
Which of the following is NOT true about the passages ? The writer Mo Yan lived big city got prize .	'Park Geun - hue will lead South Korea till the year 2018 .
It is implied in the passage that automobile recalls take place China frequently	"""China 's car market is forecast to be the biggest by 2010 in the world"
The writer wants to tell us that learn forgive others	'we should treat children kindly
The man on whose feet I stepped apologized to me because escalator public place	"'the "" sorry "" said to me was for everyone"
It can be inferred from the passage that    Christians like crosses crosses always remind God 's love Jesus ' death	"'a cross is a piece of jewelry or an image in a painting for Christians', ""if Jesus had n't returned to life "
What can we learn from the passage ? These events popular used .	'Athletes took part in all of the events in teams .
What 's the aim of the Chernobyl Children 's Project ? To make children safe radiation .	'To make the children get away from explosion .
"When Dr. Gibbs said "" ... pick out the weaker trees early on . "" , he meant that weak trees would easily found beginning"	'he would choose the weak trees to water earlier
What do we know about the Lonely Planet guidebook from the text ? It 's useful person 's nervous touring unfamiliar place .	"""It 's a world - famous brand only producing guidebooks for travelers ."
Which of the following might be the best title for the passage ? Stonehenge : Still Making News	'Stonehenge : A New Place of Interest
The appearance of the Navajo Reservation is very similar to that of moon	'the NASA research center
Which of the following is NOT true about the Robotics Invention System 1.5 ? It expensive toy invented since 1968 .	'It is the most advanced toy in the Lego Company .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? It common see noodles nicely joined together .	'The instant noodles are joined together in a mess as a piece .
Which of the following should parents do to help their kids learn good table manners ? Improve kids ' sense manners formal dinner times .	"'Try dining out in fast food restaurants once in a while .', ""Point out what 's wrong with the kids ' behavior at dinner ."
The boy is going to give his father 40 kisses because father ' birthday 's 40 years old	"'his father is very busy', ""this is the boy ' birthday"
What is the author ? A native English teacher .	'An ESL student .
The author probably wants to prove the computer algorithm program led by Bouchard - Cote great help promote language analysis big data sets	'will bring every dead language back to life
What is the article mainly about ? Fish smarter thought .	'Fish having very bad memories .
Debris flows usually take place long rainy period followed heavy rain	'after a heavy rain or an intense snowstorm
When he was on vacation , Blake Mycoskie found children suffering lack shoes	'created a new kind of shoes with rope bottoms
This passage mainly discusses sound advice provided Anthony . Trollope 's autobiography	'the difficulties and risks of making a career of words
Which is the best title for the text ? Dancing health	'Over weight in West Virginia
It can be inferred that in America famous colleges charge students money	'famous colleges only accept rich students .
Jamie 's hands were dirty last Friday because playground wet	'he has no habit of washing his hands
Why did John send her mother expensive presents for her birthday every year ? Because wanted show lot money .	'Because he loved his mother very much .
We can infer from the last two parts that fat sugar greatly help people feel happy	'we humans tend to eat lots of cookies and cakes
The writer was surprised that woman 's window clean	'the woman was sitting by her window
Where can you go for a visit on Monday ? Christopher Columbus Museum	'Wisconsin Historical Museum
What 's the best title for the text ? Attitude Determines Your Success	'Motivation Tips From Successful People
What is the best title for the passage ? How Spring Festival Came	'What People did During Nian
In the passage , readers ca n't learn nations Asia signed Geneva Convention	'when Henry Dunant died
What was the author 's biggest change after she started running ? That changed attitude towards losing weight .	'That she no longer wanted to lose weight .
Zhang Lili was hit and run over by a school bus when she was saving students	'waiting for a bus at a bus stop
According to researchers , bats can fight off many deadly diseases mainly because developed special immune system evolution	'they are able to fly 
""" Behind every successful man there is a woman : "" means women play important part men 's lives work"	'men are always successful but not women
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? If get hurt , never play sports .	'You should wear waterproof trousers when skiing .
Malala was shot for the reason that appealed girls ' rights education	'she fought against the Taliban
This passage is mainly about cell phone manners	'how to make phone calls
The best title for this passage might be World 's First Underground Town	'Opal Mining in Australia
It can be inferred that without gravity trees buildings would easily fly	'buildings and other structures would float away
The purpose   of this passage is to draw people 's special attention eye hygiene .	"""blame parents and schools for children 's being shortsighted ."
When and where did Dr. P first meet Frank ? In air - raid shelter war .	"""In Mrs. West 's house in 1941 ."
The special discount will be given if 12 delegates hold day meeting October 10 , 2014	'you spend more than 15 days in the hotel
What do we know about the ways pre - school children are usually taught ? More attention paid pictures , words letters ignored .	'Preference is given to the shape of letters and the organization of the print .
According to the passage , why was the Labour Party established in Britain ? Because neither two major parties parties working people .	'Because the Liberal Party were not strong enough to defeat the Conservative Party .
What can we infer from this passage ? Folk arts originated Mo Yan 's hometown also awarded Nobel Prize .	'Mo Yan will win another Nobel Prize in the near future .
Why did the man go to a shoemaker ? He wanted repair pair shoes .	'He wanted him to make a new pair of shoes .
What does this text mainly talk about ? A study native languages endangered .	"'The knowledge of native languages .', ""People 's efforts in saving native languages ."
At the beginning of the story , the music students got a letter which said . students pass test save music department	'the school had a problem with money
From this text , we can infer that Facemail also used ways everyday life	'will be in control of the email system soon
Jefferson was determined never to answer his critics because believed conflict rather unquestioning agreement	'he believed silence was a source of strength
Sam covered the old man with his father 's coat because extra blanket	"""his father 's coat fitted the old man well"
Which of the following is TRUE ? Mrs. Sun enjoys Zhu Zhiwen 's songs .	'Zhu Zhiwen is 45 years old now .
The writer wrote this passage mainly to explain parents choose home - school children	'advise parents to home - school their children
What is the best title for this passage ? Why Ca n't I Tickle Myself ?	'How Does the Brain work ?
Which of the following is TRUE ? Americans n't often give gifts except holidays .	'Americans exchange gifts the first time they meet .
What conclusion can we draw from the passage ? The higher levels authority , women suffer depression .	'The higher levels of authority 
According to Brian Tong , why may people prefer the iPad Mini to the Google Nexus 7 ? Because functions .	'Because you can read books and surf the Internet with it .
Most book clubs want their members read book time	'to buy a lot of books at the same time
Through Loewi 's experiment , the author tries to prove that dreams useful producing creative solutions one 's problems	'very little is really known about the meaning of dreams
What do we know about the present school uniforms ? The school considering changing .	'The school has solved the problems .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the text ? Everything new patented .	'A patent can last for around 20 years .
The labels inside the clothes tell you keep looking best	'how to save money
Many words have several meanings	'one meaning
Which of the following is right according to the text ? Their close friends parents know students mental disorder .	"'Officials of HUST were willing to give the details about the suicide .', ""HUST did n't respond to the first suicide ."
According to the research , what kind of parenting style is likely to cause children 's criminal behaviors ? Authoritarian parenting .	'Caring parenting .
What do we know about Kenya from the passage ? At least three half million Kenyans lack food .	'The people in central Kenya are suffering from hunger .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The writer n't joked others since saved friends .	"""The writer 's mother was cooking when his brother fell from the open window ."
The passage mainly tells us that smoking drinking may make IQ thinking ability poor .	'how smoking and drinking influence IQ and thinking ability .
Why do the Japanese have the special enzyme ? Because eat lot seaweed .	'Because they were born with such an enzyme .
What agreement did China and the United States reach in article 3 ? It agreement intellectual property rights protection .	'It is an agreement on a marathon race .
To see the art in FIU museum , your special needs include computer printer	'pictures and drawings on paper
Mahouts are probably people who care elephants	'train elephants
What is this passage mainly about ? School life America .	'The organizing of dance parties .
Cosmo Books have     continued send books Mr. Walker order .	'sent bills for books that they have not sent .
The result of the first advertisement was that man wasted money advertising .	'the man got his umbrella back .
From the passage we can learn that International Teachers ' Day aims benefit students .	"""The first Teachers ' Day was held in 1965 in Thailand ."
Which of the following is NOT true of Wi - Fi ? Being used US cities .	'The high speed Internet connection .
What is the main thought of the passage ? We learn much research Moon .	'There may be human beings on the moon .
Which of the following is true ? Ron born raised farm .	"""Ron 's painting focuses on city life ."
Which of the following is a disadvantage of making friends online ? It robs people happy moments spent friends .	'It makes people pay less attention to social ranking .
What can we conclude from the passage ? Silent offices may make people work least profitably .	'Music may be helpless to people in office .
From the passage we know that the author is most probably supporter free global trade	'a member of the Food Commission
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? The Monkey King special position among Peking Opera fans .	'Mei Lanfang created a type of Qingyi -- Hongsheng .
As a psychologist , the author ready listen David	"""was able to describe David 's problem"
The purpose of the experiment is to tell us fiber optics works	'how fast light travels
"According to the passage , which one of her following recorded songs was criticized ? "" Doggie Window """	"'"" Hush ... Hush "
The dragon was in the King 's bed because freezing	'he liked the king
What can we guess about Hannah Ashley ? She feels able share humor makes seem boring Spanish people .	'She believes that one had better rely on facts when speaking a foreign language .
It can be inferred from the passage that Gong Li good body language	'Feng directs films the same way as Zhang
The first kite was born when Chinese farmer tied string hat keep blowing away	'kites were used for sailing
What caused 1984 to sell well on Amazon.com ? The similarities world live 1984 .	'The surprise at how Americans are spied on by the government .
It appears that household decisions are NOT affected by girls 21	'girls living with parents
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? The poem quoted Xi Jin ping written b Wang Ling .	"'Wang Ling is a Sina weibo user .', ""Wang Ling is one of Wang Guozhen 's fans ."
At last ,      Mr. Scott lost necklace case .	'Mr. Scott knew who had stolen the necklace .
The author wrote the message card in order to make Alice believe gift exactly	"'show her deep apology to her mother', ""make it clear that Santa Claus did n't forget her"
The passage leads the readers to believe that body get used two three meals day	"""after1890 people could n't eat the three meals a day"
Which of the following is True ? The three men stayed together one room .	'The large meeting was held in this hotel .
We can know from the passage that The Sendai meeting held one day cyclone hit Vanuatu	'The president of Vanuatu begged his country to prevent the disaster
Which is the best air for us ? Cool air	'fresh air
What does the text mainly talk about ? How mother young daughter helped poor family .	'How a warm - hearted mother shows her love to a poor family .
For a book report on non - fiction , it 's not advised to summarize every chapter full length	"""explain the author 's purpose of writing"
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? A Man 's Kind Action	"""A Blind Girl 's Bad Luck"
What is the best title of the article ? The Problems Left - behind Children	'The Left - behind Children
What would be the best title for the passage ? Teaching kids respect	'Respect is a virtue
Which of the following statements is NOT mentioned by the author ? Helping others make easier us solve difficulties .	"'We can learn to see life from a fresh light .', ""We should have confidence in our cause so that we wo n't give in easily ."
We can guess Beethoven ( a world - famous musician ) may have . ears big inside hole	'round white ears
Which of the following statements can NOT be inferred from the passage ? Comte Mede De Sivrac 's invention steering handle pedals .	"'The "" safety bicycle "" was much like the modern bicycle ."
Kate ca n't go to the meeting because mother ill	"""she is n't feeling well"
When the Chinese first used colored glasses , they thought glasses style	'glasses could help eyes to see clearly
We can infer from the passage boy calm smart	'the man hit the boy in the face
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? Aging mean become unhealthy .	'Older people are not as bright as young people .
According to the researchers , what is probably the reason why people grow happier when they get older ? When people get older , learn adjust feelings .	"'When people get older ', "" they ca n't remember bad experiences ."
Which of the following is the reason why you ca n't sleep in on weekends ? Your body clock still works weekends .	'You need to relax on the weekend .
According to Glen P. Peters , We can learn that rich countries actually take responsibility growth emissions	'the rapid growth of emissions contributes to potential risks for humans
Where is the passage probably taken from ? A website various animals .	'A report on animal acoustics .
Which of the following is true ? Ann works nurse four years .	"'Ann helps mothers with their new babies for four years .', ""There are eighteen students in Mary 's class ."
From the story , we can know Jack asked Sue wrong question	'Jack and Sue talked about the same dog
The writer wrote the passage mainly to tell readers joke played Mark Twain	'tell readers Mark Twain liked playing jokes
What can we learn about Music Monday ? National Wanna Play Music Week begins Music Monday .	"""People ca n't sing every day except on Music Monday ."
What 's the best title for this passage ? The history debate behind Presidents ' Day	"'Why people celebrate President Day .', ""To celebrate Presidents ' Day or not"
According to the experts , people respond stress quite differently	'people make the same response to stress
"Scientist started "" the laugh lab "" project    find differences male female sense humour"	'to find the funniest joke in European countries
This year , the Chinese government make new environment protection law	'closed some computer companies
Which of the following statement is RIGHT ? If leave branches look water , find way back easily .	'If you get lost in the forest 
Which of the following is not true to the high school ? The students 6 subjects learn .	'The school day usually lasts for 7 hours .
What can help people who work late at night to avoid being depressed ? Equipping computer screens put reddish light .	'Not being exposed to dim red light when using computers .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Mary Jackson sang well .	'Betty made the best cake .
What will fashion icons   do in SS 2016 except prefer complex colors	'prefer flat shoes
Sunflower oil can be good for the following EXCEPT curing kinds cancers	'preventing heart diseases
Which of the following statements is TRUE about the ACT ? It popular college entrance exam far .	'More than 1.7 million students took it last year .
What do Thomas 's techniques involve ? Remembering number vivid context .	'Linking everything to familiar people or objects .
What 's the best title for this passage ? Hand washing : important----it gets day .	'Say no to washing hands in the wrong way .
Most print disabled pupils and their parents n't know anything software	'must cooperate with the software company
According to the passage , which of the following is right ? There fun without playing rules .	'The Indian holy man is much happier than westerners .
What does the writer most want to tell us ? Macao quiet peaceful place lot see .	'People from many countries came to live and work in Macao .
What is the best title for the passage ? How Develop Sense Humor	'The Function of Humor
What is the purpose of this passage ? To introduce kind test .	'To sell test papers .
What 's the best title for this passage ? The race life intent .	"""Nothing is impossible in one 's life race ."
While in service , Mussorgsky made friends famous composers .	'performed works for family and friends
The writer 's attitude towards technology is problem n't lie technology	'social factors must be considered while using technology
"Which of the following examples is the use of the skill "" organization "" ? Remembering word "" sad "" putting group "" feeling """	"'Remembering the meaning of the word "" red "" by connecting it with fire"
Which of the following is NOT the problem caused by spanking ? It makes parents try ways make child right .	'It teaches the child to hit others when they offend him or her .
Which is true according to the text ? Rosa C admitted sorry guilt .	"""To find his wife ' affair "
.The above passage is mainly intended for one lives depressed person	'a doctor who works with a depressed person
Which of the following things was n't found by the police ? The travelers ' radio .	'A photo of the travelers .
The writer suggests that children taught patience , care sense humor .	'children should ask their parents to teach them to read
According to the passage , orange helps deal people easily	"""helps fire one 's imagination"
According to the passage , most dropouts reach C averages	'fail the exams in school
The DMV canceled many permits because people placards died	'the number of old people is growing
If you want to be good at ventriloquism , you need spend much time practicing	'must learn from famous ventriloquists
What 's the best title for the passage ? The wonder water .	'The wasted water
We can conclude from the article that 's difficult change wrong first impression	'first impressions never go wrong
What 's the best title of the text ? Study shows mental illness .	'How mental illness come about ?
What will probably be on in the newspaper made by yourself ? interested .	'Sports and international news .
The following helped Skaar and Oksas survive the fire EXCEPT breaking windows get fresh air	'crowding in a small workroom for clean air
What 's the UK 's plan according to the passage ? To build highspeed train network .	'To take passengers to Manchester from London .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the article ? The author seems believe failure opportunity learn make progress .	'Donnie rarely finished his work because he seldom answered questions and thus had difficulties .
According to Tom Farrey , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Parents pressured let kids stick one sport .	'Having kids do more than one sport is an advantage to their future career .
What is NOT true about Mumbai ? The new name Bombay .	'It is the movie capital of India .
What is the best title of the passage ? A photo saving life	'A snake in a restaurant
Does Phileas Fogg win the wager at last ? Why ? Yes . Because arrives Reform Club deadline .	"""No . Because he does n't get to the Reform Club before the deadline ."
"The article is mainly about belief "" lead life "" made Lee 's life different"	'how Lee kept changing his jobs to become successful
Which of the following are truly adults according to the passage ? Independent grown - ups .	'Married people .
The fairy allowed the king to make a wish because She wanted teach king lesson	'she hoped to make the king the richest in the world
Which of the following helps alert officers if someone stops breathing ? Scanning equipment .	'Royal blue lines .
Hundreds of years ago , the Romans came north Scotland England make war Scotland	'came from the north through England to make war on Scotland
How did the scientists reach the finding ? By studying Allan Hills meteorite .	'By using spacecraft orbiting Mars .
According to the text , Utkarsh Tripathi wants contribute society	'made the first newspaper about two years ago
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? In computer times , becoming popular people carrying around e - book readers .	'All of the library experts are interested in the community - building effects .
"The author thinks "" mini - examples "" are useful because they give students hands - practice"	'assist students to better remember definitions
Which of the following statements is not true about the umbrella ? The umbrella changed much style eighteenth century	'No one exactly knows who the inventor of the umbrella was
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The employees right enjoy eleven - day public holidays .	"'The workers there can enjoy a seven - day leave without pay .', ""The senior business editor 's only job is to help the business editor to set goals ."
According to the text , we can infer that the writer trouble giving freedom children	'refuses to give her children freedom
What can we learn from this passage ? Jordan deserves admiration others .	'Jordan is not such a great person .
It 's an excellent idea to recycle old mobile phones because reduces waste help others	'it can send the waste produced by developed countries to other countries
What is the purpose of author 's experiment ? To test assumption online shopping .	"""To find out people 's reaction to his recent book ."
After reading the whole passage , we learn that this passage mainly tells us something traditional Japanese food	'advises us to eat healthy food is so healthy
Which of the following is NOT true ? Yentas care others .	'We can get weather reports from yentas .
Why do we use the weather satellites to take pictures of the atmosphere ? Because weather forms	'the weather satellites can do it easily
What do we know about the shooting from the passage ? The police rely heavy equipment kill gunman .	'50 people were killed during this scary attack .
Which of the following is true about the new body scanners to be used in Europe ? . They wo n't risk causing cancer .	'They will risk doing harm to passengers .
What do we know about CARE from the text ? It warned staff Asia danger tsunami .	"""It is the world 's largest humanitarian organization ."
What is the best title for the passage ? Teamwork wins	'Cross the river
The woman patient stopped telling her story to most people because discouraged often interrupted	'people often told her their own opinions
What is the best title for this passage ? How read faster	'Why we should read
Which of the following statements is true ? The cultural life university rich .	'The university is in the city centre .
According to Prof . Zog , the Venusians will have to take their own oxygen with them when they carry out their flying saucer program because Earth 's atmosphere filled deadly gases	'they need it on their way to the planet of Earth
What can be inferred from the passage ? The effect , extend , swearing relieving pain limited .	"'The non - swear speakers must feel more pain than the speakers who swear .', 'If you swear all the time ', "" you wo n't get the same effect ."
The purpose of the passage is to introduce news keywords year 2009	'call on the public to live a low - carbon life
What can we learn about the EFSET ? Everybody different English levels take free .	'It is similar to the TOEFL and the IELTS .
From this passage , we can learn North Americans tallest 18th century world	'people settled in the America a little earlier than 1492
According to the passage , the green turtle lives sea grows slowly	'can reach 100 cm in length in 17 years
We can infer from the passage that     high fiber intake lot good people 's health	'people should eat lean fish instead of fatty fish .
The main purpose of writing this article is to draw people 's attention waste management	'warn people of the pollution dangers we are facing
Vauvenarges ' remark suggests that social conditions make people tell lies	'lying is an age - old human problem
What do we know about the waitress and the old man ? It first time waitress ever seen owner restaurant .	'The waitress knew the old man before she served him .
What would be the best title for the text ? A Hard , Soft Stone	'A Brilliant Princess
This passage is mainly about hearing problems caused loud world	'music that teenagers like
What would be the best title for the passage ? Experts urge efforts fight cancer poor countries .	'Cancer - a leading cause of death in poor countries
Parental controls are needed when children use the Internet because    poisonous information may bad effect children	'children may damage the computers
What is the best title for this passage ? James Cameron documentary film	'The great dream of a film director
The writer was deeply impressed by the scene inPeter Pan because scene showed mother 's deep love children	'she watched the scene with her daughter
What can we infer from what Mr. Dong said about digital hongbao Mr. Dong favor digital hongbao	'it will bring us trouble in holiday reunion
From the passage we can learn that Some visitors ' names found online 're secret	"""All the visitors ' names will be posted online soon after their visits"
What can we infer   from the passage ? King Shen Nong loved creating new things	"""Do n't drink too much strong tea ."
"What 's special about the game "" Second Life "" ? It benefits one 's abilities socialize create ."	"""It 's a game about losing and winning ."
The essay test is preferred because shows student 's understanding subject	"""it tests the student 's knowledge of the material as well as his expression of ideas"
The President 's Day was originally designed to honor George Washington	'Abraham Lincoln
The author went to the interview confidence	'accompanied by Anne
Who does n't approve of kids reading e - books ? Julia Parish - Morris .	"""Julianna Huth 's teacher ."
From the passage , we can know festival improve employment Rio	'Rock City is a great theatre
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? David Crystal thinks Net speak helps develop habit writing .	'Cynthia McVey points out teenagers can deal with Net speak properly .
What is the main purpose of this passage ? To advocate eating raw whole foods .	'To inform people of the harm of processed foods .
What is the passage about ? Taxi divers ' job London .	'Traffic in London .
Does Susan really like her school life ? It 's hard say likes .	'No 
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? My study experience USA	'After - school activities in American schools
""" Remembered history""is regarded as valuable only when written account available"	'it is written down
The dogs ' left gaze bias helps them get along well humans	'express emotions quickly
What is the main idea of the passage ? How Steller 's sea cow become extinct ?	"""Why did expeditions hunt the Steller 's sea cow ?"
When you go to these fast food restaurants , you should carry food tray table	'use knives and forks to eat .
Which of the following is TURE about Middle English ? Few people understand .	'It sounds like Old English .
The subjects that the smoking researchers investigate are made up of smokers non - smokers	'heavy smokers in America
To know more about the mysterious oceans , scientists introducing scientific equipment research	'scientists use satellites in the oceans
What is the passage mainly about ? Careers teenagers ' mind .	'Choosing a good job is very important .
Which of the following is true about the shop ? It music shop department store .	'It was a well - known little shop in London .
What 's the best title for the travel advertisement ?    Exciting Drive Travel Wild !	'Drive to South Africa 
With apple watch , you can send personal messages friends ' apple watches	'develop your own personal app
What is the best title for this passage ? Fairs Attract World Wide Attention .	'The Fifth Fair Will Be Held .
""" Flattened wheat "" means lying wheat"	'broken wheat
Why does the book contain some larger words ? To help challenge children 's reading skills	'To encourage children to learn more new words .
What do we know about people sleeping in the space shuttle ? They sleep different positions .	'They sleep while listening to music .
The best title for the passage would be A special beggar unusual life	'The richest beggar in history
Which of the following is NOT true about David Blaine ? Blaine born brought England .	"'Blaine immediately went to hospital after he was taken out of his box .', ""In Blaine 's opinion "
The study mainly shows that covert coping may result certain heart trouble	'women are less likely to suffer a heart attack than men
According to the passage , elephants ' favorite foods are tender leaves top trees	'grass 
In the summer of 1978 , an English farmer discovered in his field that wheat fallen onto ground .	'some of his wheat had been damaged
What 's the main idea of the text ? The research caused heated argument .	'People often suffer from bad memories .
Ms A tended to think that author kind patient enough share sufferings	"""she should n't talk about her difficulties to doctors"
The greatness of Marie 's life in fact is that She worked hard without taking care fame honors received	'She was the first woman to work at the Sorbonne
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Scientists wo n't modify genes make final decision .	'Scientists are not sure what exact results gene modification leads to .
What can be learnt from the text ? The INCCH learn allowed clean Mona Lisa painting .	"""The French government will be in charge of digging up da Vinci 's body ."
"It 's impossible to train oneself to be a "" short sleeper "" because one sleeps determined born"	'one can only get their energy during long sleep
The passage is mainly written to give advice drinking tea	'let us know tea was discovered
The passage mainly tells us that     exists possibility physical activity leads higher grades	'a research on physical education has been done by the researchers
Special efforts should be made for girls because one half children never go school girls	'sixty percent of the children in the world are girls
The main purpose in writing this text is make 39th Art Festival known	'to announce the plan of the art festival
It can be learned from the text that to extend an olive branch    takes lot courage .	'is not important on a personal level
Where can we find water ? Water found almost everywhere .	'We can find water when it turns into vapour .
Which of the following sentences is NOT TURE ? Guo Chuanjie wrote letter Ministry Education .	'A primary school student wrote a letter to a famous scientist 
What 's the purpose of the text ? To persuade people use body language .	'To show the general steps of an interview .
The pilot warned Maureen Harkavy stop smoking , would bring jet hand police .	'to throw her cigarette out of the plane 
The story is about matter outer space	'life on Earth millions of years ago
"What does the writer probably mean by saying the phrase "" love is patient "" ? To win love needs good - natured tolerance   waiting ."	'Love can make someone ill in hospital .
This passage seems to emphasize that ability recognize individuals dependent senses well sight	'sight is indispensable    to recognizing individuals
The founders of the website intended to help teachers improve teaching	"'get the students to know their teachers better', ""conduct a survey on teachers ' performances"
After reading the passage we can know people still use dogs robots performing rescue	'rats have taken the place of dogs in search for people .
Which of the following is NOT true ? The children learnt farming work .	'All of the students were willing to do the work .
One can safely assume after reading the story that Behrman showed great sympathy two youth	'Behrman was infected with Pneumonia by Johnsy
The passage is probably written to tell students differences colleges universities	'persuade students to go to college instead of schools
The main purpose of this passage is to     attract tourists Paris	'tell tourists the route to Paris
We can infer from the passage that medals mixing metal jade prove high quality destructive experiments	'China produces more jade than any other country in the world
What would be the best title for the passage ? Candy Lightner MADD	'Ways to prevent drunk driving
According to Vanessa LoBue , since babies do n't have an inborn fear of snakes ,     would make willing explore new things	'it would make it easier for them to learn fear
We can infer from the passage that good notes help prepare tests	'are the only sources to get information you need
According to the text , baby sign language developed adult sign language	'has been used in New Zealand for 30 years
The best title for the passage would probably be America 's Culture Violence	'Bloody Killing Shocked America
What does the writer imply about the Japanese robot ? looks like person Readybot .	'It performs fewer functions than readybot can .
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? A Canada Prize Arts	'the Capital of the World in Arts
On the Craigslist Web site , you ca n't sell old things	'find ajob
Li Yan can get high marks   English exams	'speak English very well before she practices
Man can live in a place under the conditions of Both A C	'the same pressure as we get on earth
Why did the police officer clean the old man 's house ? Because neighbours could bear smell coming oldman 's house .	'Because the old man hired them to do so .
Hu Peng and his friends finished their report by questioning village kids city kids	"'visiting schools in the village', ""watching village kids ' everyday lives"
Which of the following ideas is accepted by scientists ? The ' doublesex ' gene ' tells ' genes change wing patterns .	"""The ' doublesex ' gene does do everything by itself ."
According to Robert Foss , the high death rate of teenage drivers is mainly because of lack driving experience	'their improper ways of driving
Anagen is the period when hairs grow fastest	'hairs grow at a different rate
Which is the best title for the ad ? Strong Museum --- Exciting Place Adults	'Welcome to Strong Museum for a long Holiday
How did Dr P know that the patient was Frank ? Frank greeted special way .	"'He was told that Frank was in the hospital .', ""He was invited to study Frank 's illness ."
What will the writer most Probably write about on How certain chemicals affect moods .	'How many kinds of moods thee are .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Marrakech symbol Morocco .	'If you want to enjoy music and paintings 
Why does the author hate her mother ? Because mother n't treat sister well .	"""Because her mother did n't love her ."
What is the best title for the text ? Tips travelling car Canada	'Different traffic rules in Canada
Who might be admired by the author based on the text ? Those well - educated work hard gain wealth .	'Those who receive great wealth from their pest generation .
The boy meets man street	"""is the man 's son"
What might be the best title of the passage ? What makes intelligence .	'The relationship between genes and intelligence
According to the passage , what did those people do who intended to make their children move up in the social ladder ? They saved lot money children receive higher education .	'They tried to find marriage partners from the children of the upper class .
What 's the best title of this passage ? Growing Old Successfully	'Why Fear Getting Old
Which of the following is NOT true about the 2016 Olympics ? It Games 30th Olympiad .	"'It will be the first time for the Olympics to come to South America .', ""They will be held in the host country 's wintertime ."
Which of the following does McRoberts agree with ? Babies understand words say .	'Babies learn to talk quickly .
What can we learn from the passage ? The solution put practice .	'Clothing makes certainly like the solution .
According to the passage , experts think good students animal friends home	'only - children families in China will be fewer and fewer
What can we learn from the passage ? More parents keeping children away frightening war stories .	'War history is too violent for school children .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Dining dark	'The fun in the dark restaurant
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? The new TCM hospital lie Barcelona .	'The TCM hospital in Spain will cost 80 million dollars .
The leaflet   is trying to inform people baggage inspection	'persuade people to contact TSA
Which of the following is right about the experiment ? The actor 's performance vital success .	'Its subjects were informed of its real purpose beforehand .
What does the slogan of Russia 's awareness program imply ? Young people put life health ahead selfies .	'Not all people like displaying their selfies on social media .
Which of the following contributes most to your happiness ? A happy colleague see every day .	'A happy third - degree friend .
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Colleges Look Change Admission Process .	'Higher Rankings Matter a Great Deal .
If we want to use the robot in the operation , we must solve the problem of high - speed telecommunications	'top doctors
According to James Holland , we know that gadgets charged loom wireless power	'a cell phone Can be powered only on a desk
What 's the best title for this passage ? My Hobby	'My father on Abroad
According to the passage , the actions of the depositors of Mrs. Vaught 's bank were affected             mainly by the failure several banks open	'confidence   that Mrs. Vaught showed
The purpose of the passage is to suggest way setting goals reach success	"""show that it 's necessary to set goals"
Why do doctors ask people to ban cupcakes on children 's birthday ? Because believe cupcakes one causes    make children become fat .	"""Because they themselves do n't like cupcakes ."
A primary nurse can propose a different approach of treatment when present one proves ineffective	'the present one is refused by the patient
What can we know about Fan Yang ? He made bubble equipment .	"""He created the world 's smallest bubbles ."
The passage seems to suggest that we should wash hands soap cough sneeze	'drink more water after drinking alcohol
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Luckily , people mass media paid special attention depletion   rain forest .	'People have stopped cutting down rain forests because of the opposition of most people .
Beth Henning 's work experience include Systems Administrator Newport Museum	'Computer Systems Manager for Corporation of America
Audrey went to America to look for a new chance because     European films little roles act	'in the Americana there were many important film roles waiting for her to act
Which of the following is illegal according to the passage ? Pouring oil seaside .	'Pouring oil into the sea from land 
The passage is mainly about deaf communicate others	"'teaching the deaf to speak with their mouths', ""learning how to spell words with one 's hands"
What does the author enjoy most from re - organizing his books ? Rediscovering interesting stories behind books .	'Finding some missing books .
Why did the author use to take freeways to her parents'home ? It would faster safer .	'Her kids would feel less confined .
Which of the following is the main idea of the passage ? The pig cleverer expected .	'The third pig is the cleverest in the story .
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Eating drinking break considered rude .	"'If you miss a class ', ' call the teacher to find out the homework .', ""Teachers in the U.S.don't like students ' being often late ."
Which may cause the biggest danger ? Martian germs may brought back Earth .	'Martian germs may be different from those on Earth .
Radiation can hurt us in the way that it can lead results	'kill large numbers of cells in main organs so as to cause death immediately
The writer wrote the passage to recommend free places London .	'compare some free places in London .
Which of the following sentences is Not True ? 21 pre - school students died school bus traffic accident Gansu .	'35 people were hurt in the school bus accident in Liaoning .
What did the researchers of Boston College try to find ? The relationship sleep test results	"""Why children do n't get enough sleep"
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? Peter n't like life Britain .	"""What he 's seen is quite different from what he 'd learned"
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Considering changing ways achieve goals useful .	"'During your work ', ' be prepared to change everything .', 'If you feel your goal difficult ', "" you 'd better give it up ."
Which of the following statement is not true ? Douglas Adams youngest author selected one first Best Young British Novelists .	'Douglas Adams died at the age of 49 and he was memorized by his fans .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? There members DIY club translation club .	'The members in the DIY club sell their products to raise money for the club .
In the passage , the author mainly tells us Columbus 's life story achievements	"""the tragedy of Columbus 's life as a whole"
What is TRUE about the project ? It strong enough stand earthquakes .	'It can accommodate all the residents in Hong Kong .
When Blustering turned red and refused to be searched , all people thought must stolen gold coin	'the coin must be hidden somewhere in the room
It can be inferred from the passage that go Long Island , go across Brooklyn Bridge	'the government did offer much help to build the bridge
.which of the following statements about too much lightning is NOT true ? It make sky city beautiful .	'Too much lightning means a waste of energy .
"The author mentioned "" Band - Aid "" in the passge to show silk caddisfly larvae advantage BandAids"	'Band - Aids are very useful
Trees become unhealthy if the gardener Allows many branches grow middle	'To help a wound to dry .
The dog threw itself against the door , because wanted owner open door	'it wanted to force the door open
Which is the best title of the passage ? The reason time flying dragging	'The best way to save time
Why are hard candies especially bad for teeth ? They stay mouth long time .	"""They may break the child 's teeth ."
Which of the following is NOT an advantage of bicycles ? Bicycles beautiful cars .	'Bicycles are much cheaper than cars .
Which of the following statements is true ? Only victim knows purpose experiment	'The experimenter and all the members of the group except the victim know the purpose of the experiment .
"The "" Recover "" rules mainly requires us     use good parts things"	'to cover waste things
Which of the following can be inferred from the text ? The teacher torn eagerness go city love village .	'The teacher was going into a temporary place in Christminster at first .
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Consumers consider carefully reason buying bottled water .	'Bottled water may be preferable to tap water in taste .
Why was the man put into prison ? Because refused return books borrowed .	'Because the book publisher persuaded the police to do so .
Why is it likely that a bank will welcome new students as their customers ? They hope students rich future .	'They know students receive money regularly .
The main idea of the passage is that choice words make difference	'praise makes kids confident
What can we infer from the passage ? Rashida new dream since camp	"'Rashida has become friends with her mentors', ""Rashida 's mentors has encouraged her a lot ."
Which of the following is Not given in the passage ? Free gifts souvenirs .	'Admission charges for group visitors .
Which one is right according to the passage ? JACK clever ..	'Everyone must like dogs .
Anderson believed that smarter child , less likely gets addicted TV	'the more a child watches TV 
"Why is "" Sesame Street "" so popular in the world ? Because makes every child watching feel able learn ."	'Because it uses a variety of skillful tricks .
The purpose of the passage is to introduce book homonymous play readers	'introduce a play to remind children of the importance of safety
According to the author , writing basically self - taught occupation instructions deal practical use	'for a living is the most pleasant of all careers 
Jennifer 's words show that the program benefits students lot	"""raises the students ' confidence"
How should you deal with the worry first if you do n't know what we 're worried about ? We try find .	'We should help others first .
Which sentence can be put in the empty ? Millie last one still jumping rope .	'Nick won the rope - jumping contest .
Why did the farmer raise the three - legged chicken ? Because everyone family fights legs chicken dinner .	'Because he wanted to be rich so that he can buy many chicken legs .
Facebook , Google and Apple have a similar rule that users offered accounts used nobody else except users	'relatives of the dead may close an account or use it at their own will
Teachers at Aoyama Gakuin University can finish taking attendance by asking students to    Type ID class numbers iphone	'log in from home or outside class ahead
What 's the writer 's purpose in writing this passage ? To give us tips take notes .	'To encourage us to listen carefully in class .
According to the text , Victoria Rideout would probably agree that kids should homework place without disturbance	'do homework while watching TV
What problem do teachers face in the author 's opinion ? Popular standardized tests tied hands .	'Many schools become private .
How was Columbus able to make his voyage to the west ? The king queen helped money ships .	'He was supported by King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella .
What 's the main purpose of this passage ? To attract students world apply Coteborg University .	'To bring fame to Coteborg University .
What time does Judie usually get up ? At 6:30 a. m.	'At 6:00 a. m.
We can learn from the text that robots widely used Japan	'Japan has taken the lead in developing robots
According to the passage , nightly rates including breakfast is offered by Modern Sultan Hotel	'Hotel Teatro
What was Jacob Blitzstein 's dream ? To graduate high school .	'To be the oldest graduate .
What did the study find ? People positive feelings less serious illnesses .	"'People who felt happy never got ill .', ""People 's feelings did n't influence their health ."
What makes friendship beneficial and valuable ? That make efforts friends kindness .	'Its being not bound by blood or family bonds .
"By saying "" I do n't support warning labels for cellphones , "" Dr Martha Linet has the idea that worrying unnecessary ."	'cancer - warning labels should be on cellphones .
What 's the text mainly about ? A brief introduction Frank McCourt one works .	"""A literary review on Frank McCourt 's book Angela 's Ashes ."
What can be inferred from what Professor Karl Deisseroth said ? Risk - taking means survival brings higher returns humans .	'Humans and rats differ in their preference for risk - taking .
What leads the writer to write this article ? Parents care   little   children 's management money .	'Parents want to know how to educate their children .
Where is the London 'S Olympic Park located ? East London .	'Central London .
According to the passage , the best way to fight against bird flu is to separate poultry humans	'set up a central slaughtering house
"Yang 's story is introduced in order to lead topic article-""ant tribe """	"""analyze graduates ' difficulties in finding jobs"
The writer wants to report students ' great love fashion	"""call for people to pay attention to students ' wear"
From the diary , we can see the daughter thought mother 's understanding better simple love	'thanked her mother for asking her
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? John 's mother thought one could succeed without working hard .	"""John 's mother did n't believe in or depend on others ."
The passage does NOT tell us that     big brains may evolved running long - distance	'early humans had an advantage in obtaining food thanks to the running ability
What is the most important to get the egg into a bottle ? The pressure air .	'A fruit - drink bottle .
We can learn from the text that Mr . Watson n't know Champ Smith 's son first	'Mr . Watson was told not to fire Smith by Herbie
From the letter we can infer that government 's ban benefits local merchants much	'the writer used to buy a lot of icecream soda
Jennifer Fitzgerald filed a lawsuit against the city of Chicago because the city n't tow vehicle 30 days O'Hare Airport	"""did n't inform her immediately it found the missing car"
What is the key reason for polar bears ' dying out ? The climate changing due people 's activities .	'The ice on the land of the Arctic is disappearing day by day .
According to the passage , body language is source human communication	'a language that is not spoken
Which of the following is not true ? A national holiday named Martin Luther King honor .	"'"" I Have A Dream "" was delivered by Martin Luther King .', ""Teachers asked kids to memorize Martin Luther King 's famous speech ."
In the passage , the author mainly intends to point out the importance of keeping blueprint want	'writing up a detailed plan for a job interview
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The change British food .	'The history of British food .
The passage is mainly about games solve real - world problems	'some popular online games
The following statements are true EXCEPT that     educationists China cast doubts country 's educational system .	"""basic education in the US is associated with the government 's political interest ."
What is the main purpose of the text ? To give information English language training .	'To introduce some famous English teachers .
On the second floor , you can find paper invented	'enjoy a film about the changes of cities in China
The best title of this passage should be Environmental Health Management Natural Disasters	'The Bad Influence of the Natural Disasters
What can we learn from the passage ? As Mexico City , rainy season help improve air quality .	'Two more places are mentioned which dealt with air pollution besides Mexico City .
Why are actual olive branches seldom used in modem times ? Olive tress far seek .	'Olive trees are being protected now .
It can be inferred from the passage that medical science ethical factors taken consideration	"'Mitochondria are inside nearly every cell that change food into useable energy', ""DNA of Mitochondria can affect a person 's appearance"
According to the text , San Francisco city officials aware app 's disadvantages	"""do n't consider the app distracting"
The opponents would agree that students equally treated take external examinations	'particular people should not be chosen for particular jobs
According to the handbook , to get a Learner License in Australia , an applicant must do the following EXCEPT provide proof identity , marriage educational background	'finish and pass a Road Ready course
What can we infer from Judith 's teen life ? She cared expected live girl 's life .	'Her father wanted to make a fortune by her marriage .
Howard will probably agree that dangerous talk phones walking	'it is safe if you wear headphones in a proper way
Which is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Blu last one kind bird .	'Blu came from the US .
What is the best title of the passage ? The breaking news makes least tens thousands people excited .	'Cheers 
According to the study , if given a stuffed dog ,     male female monkeys showed interest	'only the male monkeys showed interest
Which would be the best title for the text ? Tricks Finding Cheapest Flights	'Tips on Vocation Travelling
Which of the following is mentioned in the passage ? The nectar lemon plants contains caffeine .	'Caffeine has no effect on the rat brain .
What can we learn from the passage ? Future English lessons interesting .	"""Old people wo n't have to learn English in the future ."
From the passage we know that most US teenagers know little China	'know much about China
A phone user 's location is shown by mobile phone tower connected	'which mobile phone network he is connected to
What is the writer 's biggest worry after her taskmaster 's observation of her class ? She might lose teaching job .	"""She might lose her students ' respect ."
From the story we can guess Indian young man	'the doctor was a good doctor
Neville Alexander believes that lack mother - tongue education lead economic failure	'mother - tongue education is not practiced in all African countries
According to the passage , you should bring your camera on Day 4	'Day 2 .
Which of the following is FALSE ? All Japanese studied special enzyme .	"'The Japanese have a diet rich in seaweed .', ""All the North Americans studied do n't have the enzyme ."
What do we know from the passage ? It 's easy repair hybrid car due special system .	'The hybrid technology is very new and mature as well .
Why did the elder son die ? Because Jack wife take seriously .	"""Because the elder son did n't want to go to the hospital ."
The author would probably agree that school uniforms help create equality among students	"'it makes no difference whether to wear school uniforms or not', ""students ' individuality may not come from school education"
People with Dyslexia have the following problems except seeing picture hearing sound .	'writing or reading words and letters backwards in the wrong order .
Which of the following may be the best title for this passage ? Changing Views Singleparent Families	'Advantages and Disadvantages
Which of the following is true ? They tests starting messaging marathon .	'The two young men set a new Guinness World Record by sending 217
. The purpose of the studies is to find people explain dreams impact	'determine when people tend to remember their dreams
What is the best choice for your cat to play with if you have little room ? Scratching posts .	'The cat bed .
What is the author 's purpose of writing this text ? To encourage people join volunteer program .	'To encourage people to help those sick children .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Introduce new technology solve blocking problem marathon .	'Make a comparison between marathon and road traffic .
The children did n't have to go to school because heavy snow blocked roads	'their teachers were sure that children liked snow
Which of the following is TRUE about the experiment ? The researchers compare performances people various BMIs .	'All aspects of memory will be influenced by obesity .
What can we learn from the teacher 's words ? We care life instead unimportant things .	'We should use the plain and cheap cups to drink coffee .
What can we learn from the story ? It 's important take time sharpen skills .	'It is wrong to cut down trees .
When people eat Sushi , Gari is used to make Sushi delicious	'keep Sushi last long
What are the functions of vitamin E ? To protect skin slow pace aging .	'To stop sunburn and treat skin cancers .
Which of the following is TRUE of Kudzu ? It served food first America .	'It grows fast in Asia 
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Less 40 percent owner - builders buy commercial plans .	'Most owner - builders are professional building workers .
The most valuable thing honeybees do for people is in fertilizing crops	'making honey
The passage is mainly about reading processes	'reading skills
The Hywind project uses totally new technology to ensure the stability of spar floating deep - sea water	'the cables which tie the spar to the ocean floor
"If you want to tell the people who you are , you should say , ""      This XX"	'I am XX
The title of the article might be American Families	'American Children
Which of the following can we know from the passage ? Students need n't go class 12th 13th July .	'The fee is PS85 
What can we infer from the passage ? Daily life full risks	'The safest place has the greatest risk
Which of the following is NOT right ? Team sports better individual sports .	'Team sports need more than one person in the games .
The passage is mainly concerned with cross - channel ferries	'the English Channel
We can infer from the study that 75 % study participants forgetful	'most people have the C gene variant
Which of the following is true about the critics ? Students critics , occasion , resorted violent means trend .	'Critics are greater in number than people enjoying the new way of life .
What does the author intend to tell us in the passage ? Three lessons learned father .	'The importance of keeping family values .
Which of the following is TRUE , according to the passage ? Chris ' lyrics showed true love Juliana .	"'Chris touched the Americans mainly for his singing .', ""Chris has always been Juliana 's idol ."
What the author 's colleague said actually implies that     . university students gone far	'he faces a lot of challenges from his students
From the passage we can know that Mullaney 's attempts help Davey better enjoy ball - playing led invention Wiffle ball	"'Mullaney made the invention of Wiffle ball with the help of his son', ""fifty years ago people did n't like playing baseball very much"
What does Mattias Ronge think of the machine ?    The machine worth popularizing .	'The machine can solve the severe water shortage in the world .
Which of the following is NOT the way of saving paper ? To grow trees .	'To use both sides of every piece of paper .
Which of the following is true ? Nancy Sheila classmates .	'Sheila should take No . 5 bus first .
What can we learn about Kathy Braga ? She used regular client Clements .	'She follows Clements to do volunteering work every week .
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Alice met strange things .	'Alice drank something that made her smaller .
Which of the following is TRUE ? The yellow machine turned around fast moved quickly time .	'The first game moved for a long time .
We can infer that friends came visit winter	'lots of friends cam to visit them in winter
What is the result of Justin Halberda 's tests ? Students well tests also well math exams .	'One can not be successful in math if he has a well number sense .
"Both Gray and Laing agree that TV companies must get rid "" double standards """	'sportsmen should be allowed to advertise on TV
The author mainly wants to tell us Caring Makes us Human	'Prison Culture is Important
What did Leigh value most ? Spending time Grandpa .	"""Listening to Grandpa 's advice ."
If you want to get more information about arts , you can write to deg @ waikato . ac . nz	'sports @ waikato . ac . nz
In the writer 's opinion , when making business decisions one should accept existence unknown factors	'put perfect information before imperfect information
"Which headline of the following is the best for this passage ? "" How to""Books America ."	"'"" How to "" Books Are Ordinary in America ."
This passage mainly tells us that dolphins made surprise visit polluted harbor	'dolphins are well protected in Israel
Japanese Boy 's Day is probably comes from Dragon Boat Festival	'Thanksgiving Day
The main idea of the passage is that lot people buy lottry tickets , lotteries cause disagreement	'lotteries are of great benefit to everyone who buys them .
We can conclude from the article that much work needs done fight loneliness	'lonely people lack the courage to make friends
Liu Ran chose the Chinese University of Hong Kong , because Chinese University Hong Kong widen horizons	"""she could n't be admitted to Peking University"
The Children 's Cancer Foundation made many   volunteers   including doctors , nurses , psychologists .	"""has n't done anything for the the children with cancer ."
According to Dr Bukowski , study needed prove findings true	'the findings of the study have already proved to be true
The passage is written to show importance feeling good	'tell people how to overcome stress
What is the author5 s purpose in writing this passage ? To raise people 's awareness mental health .	'To show harmful effects of mental disorders .
According to the passage , children are more likely to obey the rules when believe accept parents	'their parents listen to them totally
The author 's experience tells us that difficult understand person , even friend	'a friend in need is a friend indeed
What is the passage mainly about ? The effect African elephants ' search food .	'Disappearance of African elephants .
What does the author think is the most important reason why men die five years earlier on average than women ? Men n't seek medical care often women .	"'Men drink and smoke much more than women .', ""Men are n't as careful as women in face of danger"
Why can taking a power nap in the middle of the day be beneficial ? Because refreshes people thus improves productivity .	'Because it takes little time but always works well .
"By saying "" There are around14 billion light bulbs worldwide""Haas intended to tell us that      VLC might solve spectum crisis ."	'mobile devices will consume more data
From the passage we can learn that Colin Mcphee actually acquired much beauty Balinese music	'Colin Mcphee set foot on the island of Bali in late winter
Douglas - Hamilton did the following to protect elephants EXCEPT building mobile national parks	'saving desert elephants in Mali
Which of these is NOT true ? The criminal found toilet plane .	'The woman left the bag outside the bathroom .
Which of the following is NOT true ? The old doctor still busy working doctor 's last .	'The old doctor found a good young doctor .
To Victoria , the best thing is see father recover injury quickly	'to listen to her father playing the sweetest music
What might be the best title for the passage ? Nobel Prize IVF Expert Edwards	'Life Stories of Robert Edwards
The difference in labor incomes is most obvious between middle - aged men middle - aged women	'young men and young women
What causes the changes of fashions ? Popular culture influences people .	'Movie stars are changing over time .
Which is the correct from large to small ? cells --- chromosomes --- genes	'genes --- chromosomes --- cells
What is the biggest difference between blogs and traditional websites ? Blogs updated much often .	'Blogs contain links to other websites .
According to the text , the UK scientists have known that female heart loses cells age	'women have more cells than men when they are born
Why do we need to use Standard English ? Because local dialect belongs certain region , every one understand .	'Because no one can understand dialect words .
"What does the writer think of the use of "" WC "" ? He n't think proper sign ."	"""He does n't think it old - fashioned English ."
Why did the school kids dressed up as if they were in school in the party ? felt lot relaxed speaking others .	'because they felt shy speaking to others .
Which is the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The old granny sad last	'The young woman was kind
From the two comments , we can know that Nelson Malicdem thinks story meaningful	'Nelson Malicdem expresses thanks to the professor
Some experts think homework welcome useful	"""students do n't work hard enough"
Swimming may not be safe if swim dangerous places .	'it makes people excited
Which of the following is TRUE ? The first time interviewer sees important .	'The job interview should be conducted over the telephone .
What can we know from the passage ? Opinions collected new clothing policy made .	"""Teachers called the pupils ' parents to explain the new rule ."
What can we learn about the teacher ? She 80 years old .	'She taught geography for 40 years .
Children felt very happy at first because could get money something enjoyed	'Jeff was very kind and friendly to them
"Which sentence is true according to this passage ? There lots people whose surname "" Wang "" ."	"'Most Chinese people share a lot of common surnames .', 'Hundred Surnames collect all Chinese surname .', ""Chinese do n't care for their names "
Which of the following is NOT the author 's suggestion for alleviating this problem ? Doubling monthly child care allowances given families .	"""Expanding government 's financial help even more ."
The two places that you can visit by getting off at the same underground station are Buckingham Palace Westminster Abbey	"""Buckingham Palace and St Paul 's Cathedral"
Which of the following is NOT a finding of the study ? French children troubled relationships parents .	'Canadian children have close relationships with their parents .
If the passage goes on , it possibly refers to fish industry	'fish life
In order to prevent the turtle from washing out to sea , Max moves high - tide mark	'runs to find seaweed
Based on the passage , it can be inferred that the mantid kind meat - eafer	'is easy to be found by a katydid
The old lady n't know man	'knew the man
according to the author , the use of technology in the classroom may      keep students independent thinking	'encourage students to have in - depth conversations
The blanket the author received made think lot .	'was finished 
From what Kendrick said in the interview we learn that scientists learned little sheep 's intelligence	"""scientists have learned a lot about sheep 's intelligence"
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? Most MERS cases occurred Middle East .	'The first MERS patient was found in America .
According to the passage , taking money - management courses will prevent students going debt	"""better students ' learning methods"
According to the passage , Joachim Schmid fond collecting family life photographs	'found a complaining not under his car wiper
The passage is probably written for parents little children	'kids who want to learn swimming
Mandarin Hotel is A , B C	'one of the hotels in Haikou
The best title of this passage is To Honor Their Souls	'Reforms at Sing Sing Prison
What is this passage mainly about ? The changes writer 's surroundings .	"""The writer 's curiosity about the changes ."
Which of the following is NOT a step in storing foods according to the passage ? Remove outer leaves vegetables fruits .	'Put the harvested items on a clean surface .
"Which one of the following words of Hamermesh 's can best explain the fact that attractive people are more likely to be hired in a recession ? "" Beauty rare , rareness commands price . """	"'"" Women feel that beauty is naturally important "
Which of the following statements about Iguazu Falls is Not Trueaccording to the passage ? People living around Niagara Falls poorer around Iguazu Falls .	'Iguazu Falls is well worth visiting .
Dr. Haydon asked Dr. Eyck to come to Clens Falls because The boy needed help surgeon	"'Dr. Eyck knew the boy was wounded by a shot', ""Dr. Eyck was the boy 's father"
What would be the best title for the text ? Rachel 's last fund - raiser	'Rachel and her birthday page
Your friend invites you to dinner , which of the following is NOT right ? You leave lot food table .	'You ask your friend to order less food .
A book about math can be found in the same group of books as science books	'reference books
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Outdoor winter activities	'Fun winter activities for children
It can be inferred from the passage that ca n't buy gums cure bad breath	'stay Alert is not easy to store
After choosing a trip , you must submit payment application within two weeks	'will naturally become a WTA member
What is 123 Greetings ? It 's e - card website sends birthday e - cards .	"""It 's a post office which posts birthday cards"
Which of the following is most likely to happen at the year 's auction ? Tickets event sold less one week .	'The airline tickets will receive higher bids than any other item .
In her second letter Trudy complained about how poor company 's service	'expensive the stamps were
It can be inferred from the passage that many differences Chinese dishes western ones	'Chinese dishes are more delicious than western ones
To the scientist 's surprise , put eyes keyhole .	'the monkey went out of the room
What did Edgar think of the photo ? He liked thought dear .	'He thought it made him look like a criminal .
What 's the main idea of the text ? Why ladybirds black spots backs .	"'How ladybirds choose their leaders and guides .', ""What the black spots on ladybirds ' backs mean ."
According to the passage , what can we know about Viseskul ? She became famous much like Teng terms music image .	"""She could perform at the gala thanks to her school 's strong recommendation ."
What is the next aim of Desmond on octopuses ? How signals brain work proteins .	'Whether octopuses and cuttlefish have the same ancestor .
What kind of jam does the writer 's family use ? All kinds fruit jam .	'Strawberry jam .
From the passage we learn Einstein thought time important	'Einstein was too careless to make mistakes
"What does "" something different "" in Paragraph 4 refer to ? To set business home ."	'To complain about life and work .
"By saying "" ... but the impact of a degree washes out after five years""(Line 5 , Para.3 ) , the author means MBA degree help promotion managerial positions"	"'most MBA programs fail to provide students with a solid foundation', ""MBA programs will not be as popular in five years ' time as they are now"
This passage mainly tells us dictionary students choose use	"""that students should n't use small two - language dictionaries"
If the dealer offers to repair the car you have bought , which of the following is acceptable ? Asking dealer provide hire car	'Asking the dealer to provide you with repair tool sets
From the passage , we learn that rainforest people done something protect home	'we need wood to build houses 
The author should not like to be back as a bookseller for life because unable honest books sold	'he hated his job of selling books
What might be the most suitable title for the text ? New computers make shopping carts smarter	'Concierge and Shopping Buddy
Which of the following opinions does n't the author agree with ? naturally elders take care	"""It 's our duty to take care of the elders when they are old"
Which of the following is not true ? The nice looking watch worth 100 dollars .	'His friend laughed at the man .
To achieve success , you must work like dog	'feel dog - tired
What may be the result of the move ? The import lion parts strictly limited .	'Lion - hunting will be illegal all over the world .
We can learn from the text that what really matters in this problem is sort work women	'that women interrupt a career to have children
What would the writer probably talk about next ? Some practical ways solve tech - trash problem .	"""Some experts ' opinions on the tech - trash problems ."
What does the author mean by saying the last sentence ? Nice coffee change one 's life .	"""What kind of coffee can change people 's lives ?"
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Make study animal disease .	'Make a study of plant parts .
What does the children 's song really mean ? Old friends important new ones .	"""Friendships do n't last forever ."
According to the passage , the introduction of the Next Gen Researchers Act is intended to support invest young researchers involved medical innovation	"'sing high praise for the work coordinating all current and new NIH policies', ""forgive NIH 's current loan debt to make higher education more affordable"
What is the text about ? The similarities    differences teacher 's work actor 's .	'How to become a good teacher .
The mother cut the cloth because wanted give son lesson	'she thought making cloth was wasting time
What are Alfred Roca 's words mainly about ? The conservation African elephants .	'The purpose of studying African elephants .
What can be inferred from the text ? Many people show concern Ponso .	"'A new lab will be built on the island .', ""Germain wo n't visit Ponso any more ."
The purpose of this passage is to recommend Tillman 's new book -- Wherever You Are : My Love Will Find You	"""encourage people to buy Nancy Tillman 's books for their children"
What ' s the best title of the passage ? Yap Ming Shanghai Politics	'Yao Ming - the youngest and the tallest
What can you use to put food in your mouth ? fork	'Knife or fork .
According to the passage , there would be no tides if there were no Moon 's gravity Earth rotation	'Earth rotation
Which of the following is TRUE ? The man shop n't understand Frenchman clearly first .	'The man in the shop had heard the Frenchman correctly .
We can infer from the passage that couple drive company 's car appointed place	'the car transport company usually had its cars rented
Why do the students quickly take out their cellphones after class ? Because want log microblogs .	'Because they want to phone their parents to tell them the funny things .
"What does "" I "" in the passage refer to ? Ayounghorse ."	'A scared hare .
What will the winner get if he finds out the billionaire 's secret of becoming rich ? The billionaire 's francs	"""The billionaire 's private safe ."
The difference between Warwick New York Hotel and others is that 's family - owned hotel	'it offers comfortable rooms
Which of the following is an effective way for middle school students to study ? Relaxing regularly studying .	'Avoiding too much homework by studying art and music .
What could be the best title for the passage ? The disappearing Ice Glaciers	'Climate Change
Who has the highest probability to survive an earthquake ? Betty , lying besides pile magazines .	'John 
According to the passage , students who date in middle school may    poorer academic performances	'enjoy better school lives
Which of the following statements about Steger 's team is TRUE ? Sam Branson , member , skilled travelling Arctic .	'Steger 
What does Francine Blau really mean by his words ? The female superiority certain sectors may continue moment .	"'Most households in the USdepend entirely on the female income .', ""Men wo n't dominate industries like building and manufacturing as they once did ."
What is the passage mainly about ? The importance food culture .	'The custom of sharing food .
What 's the passage mainly about ? Lin Li 's work .	"""Lin Min 's family ."
The first day they come to Disney parks , all new employees begin receiving - - job training	'must learn several jobs
From the last sentence of the text , we learn that raising butterflies has changed Bonner 's life	'made Bonner famous
Which of the following is the best title for the text ? The Experience Dictionary	'Students Seldom Use Dictionaries
Which of the following is TRUE about the recent Pew report ? There 's slight change UK 's support EU .	'The UK has the smallest number of people against the EU .
"In the last sentence of the passage , "" rabbit food "" refers to salad"	'food made of rabbit meat
Now Nasa researchers ' aim is to develop new kind small plane different traditional one	'work out the plan --- how to transform small plane travel
The passage mainly tells us new animated film --Surf`s Up	'how a penguin can be a good surfer
If you want your children to enjoy themselves you 'd better choose Renaissance Aruba Ocean Suites	'Aruba Marriott Resort
What does the writer mainly talk about in the passage ? His experience volunteer special summer school	'His teaching experience in a summer holiday
What kind of person would probably apply to Palmlace Limited ? One good computer knowledge .	'One with some office experience .
What do we know about the teenage girl ? She still suffered mental problems .	'She was struck by lightning at schoo1 .
Which of the following probably makes the child disappointed ? Parents must n't enter room permitted .	"""Children 's decision is more important than parents ' ."
"What do you think of the writer 's idea about "" fashion "" ? It makes followers suffer lot ."	'It is neither a waste of money nor a waste of time .
From the story we know that Liu Qian often invites audiences magic show	'Liu Qian competed in many magic competitions
Which of the following is true ? You pay less overseas customer buy three books .	'You must put what you choose in a basket as you do in a supermarket .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The positive relationship music efficiency .	'The speed and accuracy of problem - solving tasks .
How does the author describe children in the passage ? They eager receive Christmas gifts .	'They hope to have a good rest in the holidays .
Which of the following is wrong ? The woman money pay driver .	'The driver worked until between 2 and 3 in the morning .
What can we learn from the passage ? Smog worse people lower resistance diseases .	'People are clear about the causes of the smoggy weather .
What would be the best title for the text ? The amazing Mr. Gilbert .	'The man who saved Christmas .
Which of the following statements is true ? Wealth one made anything else .	'Wealth is judged according to the life style one has .
Which of the following is TRUE about a physical therapist assistant ? He / She could play practical role helping patients restore physical functionality .	'His / Her duty might include measuring vital signs and recording health information .
"The "" daddy exam "" is intended to fathers realize responsibility families"	"""test to - be - dads ' fatherhood knowledge"
We can learn from the passage that the human ability to run played important part human evolution	'was considered more natural than the ability to live in trees
What do people usually do at Christmas ? They set Christmas trees decorate homes .	'Families spend the time together to celebrate the return of Jesus .
It 's clear that the old man was kind - hearted man	'a silly man
Why did the bird - catcher come back to the tortoise ? Because wanted get one pearl .	"""Because he thought the pearl did n't suit him ."
From the passage we know that A C	"""music is very important to Americans ' life"
What might be the best title for the passage ? Amazon 's Jeff Bezos --- Next Steve Jobs	"""Amazon 's Jeff Bezo and his talents"
What can we learn about Francois Lange ? He French wine producer .	'He will have all the valuable coins .
Why was Susie angry with Pam ? Because felt left Pam .	"'Because Pam refused to walk to school .', ""Because Pam did n't give her a May Day basket ."
How does Nilda most show respect for her parents ? She seeks approval go college .	'She picks up a chair from their yard .
What can be inferred from the passage above ? More studies needed prove results .	'All the experts agree with the results of the study .
To prevent snowblindness caused by the strong light from snow , wearing glasses or not makes difference	'depends on whether the snow is white enough
What is the main purpose of the article ? To introduce history Selfridge .	'To compare different department stores .
Which activity is NOT suggested in the passage ? Watching shows homework .	'Talking about TV shows .
Which of the following did n't Liz ask Ana to do ? To find also trying get position .	'To let her manager know her desire for training .
Which sentence expresses the main idea ? Large sea turtles lay eggs special ways .	'Sea turtles have interesting life habits .
The Highlights editor suggests the student who is going to China send postcards gifts class	'buy gifts for some of the classmates
Why did n't the big tree want to say anything to the little plant ? Because big tree	'Because the big tree was tired .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Sending e - mail popular among students .	'In the 1960s 
In the opinion of the writer , what problem do people ignore ? The responsibilities students	'The violence in the school
What can we learn about Sequoyah 's alphabet ? It made eighty - five letters .	'It uses at least two letters to symbolize a sound .
We can learn from the passage that Little Apple 's popularity also success marketing strategy	'Little Apple is generally thought nothing by the AMA
Your body has to give enough water to your skin in order to stop skin drying	'keep the water in your skin clean
If people in Japan or Korea use the American spelling , they may sound like Americans	'will speak British English
If you did n't use a postcode , letter could n't arrive soon	'your letter would be surely lost
We can infer from the passage that men may attracted girl whose figure suggests admirable reproductive capacity	'pair - bonding love comes from a long stable friendship
According to the author , the use of technology in the classroom may keep students independent thinking	'encourage students to have in - depth conversations
From sediment cores taken from the grounding zone , scientists will probably know    something creatures icy water Antarctic .	'what the ice will do in the near future
Which of the following is TRUE ? The first solution problem realize .	'Difficult people often hear the words you say .
If you visit South Africa on Christmas day , you 'll find people enjoy traditional dinner	'everyone returns home to harvest cocoa
Why do some people think we are spoiled ? We n't know love	"'We only share games with our friends', ""We do n't know how to use money"
The touch - screen tech was used in consumer electronics mainly because of introduction Apple 's iPhone	'traditional push - button controls
Which of the following can best express the author 's attitude toward objectiveness ? He think exists objectiveness news writing reporting .	'To make clear the news is a way to be objective for the readers .
Why did Douglas Florian choose bees as the subject of his latest book ? Because wants people protect bees .	'Because bees are easy to explore in writing .
A deep hole was dug so that nobody could take rats pile	'the rats could not come out to attack people at night
Which of the following statement does Hanqin Tian support ? Plants take large amount carbon pollutants .	'Ozone pollution has increased 1 6 times in the past 30 years .
One of the grandchildren found the watch by making noise following ticking sound	'cleaning the barn
Jesse 's first world record was for the long jump	'relay race
What measure has the municipal office taken ? Advocating using precise translation Chinese dishes	"'Recommending a book on Chinese dishes', ""Publishing a book on China 's dietary habits"
How did Emma make the huge savings ? She compared prices websites .	'She used coupons and offers worth PS3
Which the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The bear bit short man .	'The tall man climbed up the tree quickly to hide himself .
What would the person get if he   caught the man the police wanted ? A lot money .	'A lot of English cars .
Bernard Jackson was found guilty and sentenced 5 years ' prison because victims insisted attacker	'he admitted the crime of raping two women
The writer wrote the article to express summer break school days treasured	'tell people how he spent his summer break
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? It centuries ago newspapers came .	'Televisions have taken the place of newspapers .
It can be inferred from the text that Chinese citizens lack knowledge credit risks	'education is the only solution to future financial issues
Which of the following statements is true ? Eating Almonds regularly help us lose weight .	"""White coffee ca n't help us stay focused in the afternoon ."
Why does the government want more people to work in Beijing ? Because many visitors come Beijing .	'Because the services in Beijing used to be very poor .
Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? Communication Clothing	'Clothing and Culture
The length of your hair is determined by     gene	'clearing up the dead split ends
Which of the following can be the title of the passage ? gene treatment hemophilia	'whether people with hemophilia can live normally
All of the following belong to Feng 's war trilogy except In Mood Love	'Red River Valley
Why is artemisinin especially important for children from poor countries ? It cheap medicine easy get hold .	'They believe in the effect of Chinese medicine .
The circus man said that would pay damage	"""he would n't pay for the damage"
Which sentence is NOT true about the 520-day - test ? Trainers astronauts .	"""The trainers wo n't see rain or snow"
"Which phenomenon can be described as the "" Bystander Apathy Effect "" ? On hearing cry help , people keep ."	"'When one is in trouble ', "" people think it 's his own fault ."
Based on their findings , researchers have made the following suggestions except that Users view iPads full brightness instead wearing orange glass goggles .	'Devices like iPads should be turned off at night .
The author 's purpose of writing this passage is probably to try make people remember little girl priest forever	'tell people to give money to the church mentioned in the article
What is the main idea of the passage ? Texting useful tool today 's teens .	'Teens spend too much time sending messages .
Which of the following is NOT true about Garcia Marquez ? Magical things happened stay Mexico City .	'He was the writer of the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1982 .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? The decrease crops America restarted fight food fuel .	'Average food prices rose all over the world .
Which of the following is NOT true about Myrtle Beach ? It 's North Carolina great weather attracts tourists .	"'People can enjoy a wonderful holiday with their family there .', ""It 's a place where people can have rest and calm ."
Which of the following statements does Radtke agree with ? Chinglish actually variety English .	'Chinglish will gradually disappear as years go by .
What can we infer from the passage ? Many workers work long hours .	'Many people have vacations long enough .
What can we know about the newly discovered species of spider ? They belong Huntsman spider .	'They only live in Laos .
John found the painting museum closed	'before the museum opened
Some social workers think that health safety important personal freedom	'one should not take risks of dealing with old people
What does the passage mainly deal with ? The significance Valentine 's Day cards .	"""The history of Valentine 's Day ."
What 's the problem with Johnston , according to Lincoln ? He wasted time lot .	"""He could n't get much from work ."
The children begin to laugh because Mike n't find Miss White behind	'Mike wants to be a teacher
From what David Sinclair said , we can learn older , likely live alone poor health	"""he does n't believe so many people are living longer"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Those born Year Monkey thought friendly .	"'Actors learn how to paint "" monkey faces "" from Monkey Show ."
From the passage we can know that tracker required brute strength	'66-year - old Dai is a boat tracker along the Yangtze River
How did the accident occur ? Amy n't stop crossroads truck hit car .	"""Amy did n't know what to do when she saw the stop sign ."
What can be inferred from the last sentence of the passage ? Further research might show human activities influence whale 's activities .	"""Ears are useless to the Cuvier 's beaked whale ."
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To advise teenagers deal tension family .	'To inform us of parent and teenager tension .
What does the text mainly talk about ? How long nap last .	'People who need a nap .
What makes the writer feel difficult is keep TV video disturbing children	"""that his youngest daughter ca n't read books"
What would be the best title for the text ? driving GPS difficult	'driving confusions can be caused by small screen
Who has a nice breakfast ? The old fox .	'The crow .
When the city office first ordered the citizens to kill rats , most people lazy kill rats	'had to pay for each dead rat
The School of Life will start to improve quality everyday life .	'make more friends in Australia .
To keep healthy , the author may be against washing pet bathtub	"'washing your fingernails after touching your pet', ""wearing gloves when cleaning your pet 's cage"
What 's the best title for the text ? UK Loves After All	'Language Teaching in UK
From the passage we know that aptitude test becoming world - wide popular	'job applicants are always trying to show their actual feelings
From the passage we can learn that Obama 's success owes hard work	"""Obama 's father is a Kenyan prince ."
We can learn from the passage that assistance EU members expected come help Greece	'now the fire crisis in Greece has come to an end
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? At beginning , wanted collect new used gloves help others .	'Jack would like to get on a plane and go to help refugees .
From the passage , we can reach the conclusion that achievements come well prepared	'the higher one sets his goal 
As a shark scientist , Daniel swims sharks living	'studies sharks in his neighbourhood
We know from the MEG measurements that human brains prefer musical sounds white noise	'the older a child is 
According to the passage , if you want to avoid food poisoning , you 'd better fully heat foods fridge even n't rotten	'wash the foods from the fridge for a long time
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Icebergs dangerous , iceberg accidents predicted   .	"""In scientists ' opinion "
According to the passage , the advantage of the new scanning software is that work much effectively	'there is no need to scan every page
What is the best title for the passage ? The New Passport Photo : More Than Meets Eye	'A New Computer Technique by Israeli Scientists
To fight A / H1N1 infection , it 's helpful for us to keep away alcoholic drinks	"'sing "" Happy Birthday "" while washing hands"
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Spanish funniest nationality Europe .	'The poll was conducted among 119 million people by Badoo . com .
The author mentions Dr. Johnson 's comment to show that English conversations usually start weather	'most commentators agree with Dr. Johnson
People like to travel to Budapest because 's famous boating nightlife	"""it 's made up of two cities"
"What does "" eight to nine hours will do "" mean ? Eight nine hours ' sleep good enough"	"""Eight to nine hours ' sleep will be too long ."
Why will people often walk in a circle if they are lost in the desert or the snow ? Because without anything refer directions , brain confused errors .	'Because the desert or the snow usually covers a large area for people to get across .
The author of the passage may done survey kids using cell phones	'wants to describe how children use cell phones
"Which is NOT the cheapest way to travel by air according to the passage ? Choose flight "" classes "" seats every time travel ."	'Check travel web sites often so that you can buy the lowest - price ticket in time .
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Most Canadians live along west east coast .	'Many of the cities bordering the US are large and modern .
Some Prison Service guards died when they tried to get away burning bus	'control the running prisoners
His fans are so excited because sing new songs Beijing	'he released a new album in July
What can be the best title for the passage ? More tea cup	'The value of tea
Why was Li Xiaowen popular with citizens ? He great achievements lived simple life .	'He had high social statue while he wore shabby clothes .
Which can be the best title of the passage ? Keep Fit Summer	'How to Stay Healthy
The writer thinks that foreign festivals celebrated in China lost religious background	'are the same as those celebrated in the West
By giving us the two examples , the writer means to show us that different countries different cultures different parts world	'the Italians are careless people and they are never on time for everything
The passage mainly tells us that being parents , you should help children impress teachers school	'ask your children to get ready for classes before going to school
From the passage we can know that author 's effort lose weight turned successful	'the author had much experience in losing weight
Which one is the advantage of educational TV programs ? They make children solve difficult problems better others .	"""they will improve children 's ability to get along with others ."
"The title which best suits   this passage is ""   The Use Robots"	'The Development of Robots
Why is it difficult to keep an eye on contract suppliers ? Many suppliers produce one brand .	'The factories are often distant from companies .
Radiation can lead to serious results even at the lowest level damages cells	'when it kills few cells
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Worrying situation big ocean fish	'Longline fishing
The author believes that human wisdom reflected languages	'all languages are finally going to die out
Which ofthe following can be the best title ofthe story ? The Wheel Wall	'Old or New - Who Knows
When you plan your travel ahead of time , you should make sure that take valuables must	'you take valuables as many as possible
The missing jewellery worth$800 was in fact taken away by young man	'a young woman
In the author 's opinion , the sales call is help different form .	'to give him a chance to make a choice .
Which of the following will the author probably agree ? People pursue perfection much .	"""It 's very normal to always do one 's best in life ."
As part of the final mission , Discovery 's crew brought supplies ISS	'carried researches to space
We know from this passage that Woolworth chain stores America 20 years	'Woolworth built the tallest building in the world in 1913 .
.According to the author , Fishing way communication	'people can get to know VIPs when fishing .
In the writer 's opinion , grandmother get something return	'my grandmother has a secret way of living
The purpose of the passage is to describe newly discovered ring Saturn	'compare the moons of Saturn
The survey shows that most people n't understand dreams	'dream more under pressure
According to the passage , noise is . loud sound people n't want	'any kind of sound
The writer believes that New York City and Los Angeles leading cities across globe	'benefit from low levels of    homeownership
What is the right order of the following places from small to large ? Malecon < La Paz < Baja California Sur	'La Paz < Baja Calitbmia Sur < Malecon
What 's the main purpose of the text ? To introduce common rock music readers	"""To help readers become rock ' n ' roll artists"
Why was the Francis Ouimet Fund set up to support Massachusetts kids only ? Because friendly relation golfers caddies .	'Because of the advice from the rich golf players .
We can infer that Dr. Lintern confident plant - analyzing method	'is not sure of the plant - analyzing method
What does the author mainly advise in the text ? Making good use brain exercises increase intelligence .	'Playing brain games to prevent brain disease .
Where would you most probably read this passage ? China Weekly	"""A History of China 's Earthquakes"
At first the author did n't play ' Amazing Grace ' for Grandpa because n't learned yet	'she found it difficult to play
These pieces advice can make easier us learn	'help us pass all the exams
What does the majority of the Americans have in terms of wealth ? Their house , cars small amounts savings .	'Their income and savings .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Sauvin could make plants send signals distance away .	'The electrical charge plants carry may shock or frighten us .
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Hand washing public restrooms US	'Americans like washing their hands so much
We can know that The Global Heritage Fund organization mainly protects places cultural importance developing countries	'protects places of cultural importance in developed countries
It can be inferred from the passage that 60 patients physical psychological problems	'21%of the patients recovered quickly with the help of music
What does the writer probably want to tell us at the end of the passage ? The activities good way learn English .	"""Students usually do n't like English ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ?    The moon goes around earthand ca n't give light .	'The moon goes around the sunand its light is from the sun .
What can we learn about the Camerons ? Nancy left pub chance .	'Mr Cameron drove home alone .
From the story , we can know that Ruby finish painting help zoo workers	'Ruby can paint a picture all by herself
This passage mainly tells readers     happens opening day Sahara Festival	'how people celebrate during the three - day Sahara Festival
"What did the author mean by saying "" just like a cat has nine lives "" when he talked about Arafat ? Arafat stay alive accidents disasters nine lives ."	'Arafat is as clever as a cat .
"What is the purpose of the boarding school to hold "" failure week "" ? To help students accept learn failure ."	'To get the students involved in social activities .
What 's the best title for this passage ? From Bad Boy Idol	'A Trouble Maker
What 's the best title of the passage ? Barbie Dolls	"""Barbie 's birthday"
From what Thomas Jefferson and Wen Jiabao mentioned in the passage , we know people 's happiness important target development country	"""people 's happiness is determined by great people"
Which of the following is TRUE ? Nobody knows weather going like .	"""The chief is sure that the winter is n't going to be very cold at first ."
Which of the following questions best summaries the main idea of the whole passage ? How immune system function body ?	'How does the immune system attack the flu virus ?
Both Karen Ansel and Jessica Crandall registered dietitians work ADA	'think highly of the latest popular diet book
The best title for this passage is What Is Great Book ?	'Great Books in Your Life
What happened to the hare one day ? Her enemy came near danger .	'She had an argument with her friend 
According to the passage , what will be your first impression if you are in Paris ? Parisis perfect combination modern life history .	'Paris is an ancient city .
It can be inferred from the passage that ...... Your computer might lose information stores crashes .	'your computer will save the important information when its hard drive crashes
If you are an English beginner , you 'd better choose General English	'High School ESL
James Flynn holds the belief that intellectual stimulation others makes brain work better	"'people should avoid working with those intellectually challenged', ""one 's IQ could be held back if he has bright brothers or sisters"
Which statement is WRONG according to this article ? The first documented case art theft conducted pirates .	'Picasso was ever considered a art theft suspect .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The skeletal muscles connected bones tendons .	'Heart muscles are very important because they give us strength and allow us to move .
"Why did Wetzel stress "" he himself is a bicycle - rider in London "" ? To encourage governmental officials use public transportation ride bicycles ."	'To limit the use of company cars .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Recycling coffee grounds stuff like coffee cups .	'A new way of recycling coffee cups .
What is the author trying to do through this text ? Give advice traveling Delhi .	'Expect us to travel around Delhi .
During Ya'an earthquake , there is no need to worry about pandas ' food because    . Panda Breeding Base stored away enough bamboo advance	'the pandas eat less food because of frightening
According to the text , what are the Chinese attitudes toward foreigners today ? They various attitudes toward foreigners .	'They think the foreigners are always rude .
Why is social change less likely to occur where people are quite similar in many ways ? Because present situation commonly accepted .	'Because the social tolerance in such a society is greater .
What do you think the author will do next ? He fill applications one another .	'He will throw away all the envelopes .
From the news report we 're clear that children n't given much material life	'children of the poor work harder at school
The passage is mainly about general information VJs	'how to become a VJ
After you read the passage , which of the following do you think is true ? Americans n't eat tomatoes 19th century .	"'Americans never ate tomatoes after they began to plant them .', ""Even now Americans do n't eat tomatoes ."
Mrs. Brown is looking for David	'Mr. John
What 's   the main idea of the passage ? People 's   reading habits purposes changing .	"""People should n't   watch TV or get information from the Internet ."
Compared with classical ITS , developed ITS can somewhat interact students	'provide feedback to students in less time
Which is the best title for the story ? The cups , tea	'More than tea in a cup
The passage mainly discusses how astronauts spend free time space	'work for longer missions in space
It implies in the passage that finding new animal family modern time extremely rare	'finding a new animal family in Southeast Asia is easy
Why are English people interested in sport ? They like idea sport .	'They have their football team .
The main idea of this passage is that people may need eight hours sleep night	'people need sleeping pills to have a good sleep
The writer wrote the passage mainly to persuade us care elderly	'tell us something about his work
Which cause of the generation gap is not mentioned in the passage ? Modern education makes think differently .	'Young people like to choose their own life styles .
What does the author imply about the future of pay - per - performance advertising ? It eventually become less popular like forms Internet advertising .	'It will not face shortcomings due to its differing approach to online marketing .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Survivors recount nightmare	'Many people was injured in the attack
We can learn from the passage that public WiFi networks safe	'none of the public WiFi networks is safe
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Obesity links poorly - heated homes	"""Well - heated home 's contribute to obesity"
It can be inferred from the passage that Not Chinese audience also foreigners like watching time travel stories .	'Stephen Hawking likes time travel TV series .
Which of the following statements is true ? The fish kept tanks n't sell well taste .	'Japanese people love honey as much as a bee does .
What 's the main idea of the text ? A brief introduction Anne 's life .	"""Anne 's achievements ."
67 . The firefighters mentioned in the passenger . carry work mostly forests mountains .	'do much of their work in California
When the war was over , he served countrymen old doctor	'had the happiest time of his life
Many people come to the bar because they want to tell   Mr. Webster picture right	'they like the bar
Why did his wife leave him ? Because life hard .	'Because she was afraid of losing the daughter .
Mrs. Smith got Jenny to enjoy reading	'write books
What can we learn from the passage ? Happiness results engaging meaningful tasks .	'Pleasures add a sense of purpose and meaning to lives .
Why are China - Japan economic and trade relations at a crossroads ? Because Japan announced purchase China 's Diaoyu Islands .	"'Because Taiwan fishing boats sailed to the islands to protest Japan .', 'Because Taiwanese are deprived of their fishing right .', ""Because Japan is not China 's largest trade partner ."
Which is true about computers in the 1990s ? They became cheaper easier use .	"""People could n't buy them anywhere ."
What the Underground Railroad did n't have was slave owners	"'"" stations "
It can be inferred from the passage that think twice choosing heath products	'the key to a healthy lifestyle is getting enough sleep
The right ways of losing weight are diet exercise	'eating hamburgers and eating French fries
The example of Koko shows that animal speak mind	'an animal likes to have its own pet
Which of the following facts is mentioned in the passage ? Chris Jenkins ' parents persuaded police dig deeper son 's death .	"'Ronald and Elizabeth were beaten to death in their apartment .', ""Someone must have hidden inside Hyun Jong 's apartment and took her away ."
According to the scientists , what will fencing influence Species diversity .	'Human population .
What is known about W.M. Dudok 's Hilversum Town Hall ? It classic example architecture textbooks	'It consists of approximately 75 buildings
Which of the following is the main idea of the passage ? Lionfish populating waters Atlantic Ocean .	'Lionfish got into the Atlantic Ocean in 2002 .
According to the passage , one can possibly learn speak English 24 hours	'try taking Gasgo food or drinks when he is old
You can decide from the article that REM sleep restful effect people	'can be avoided with lots of sleep
Brazil slows deforestation rate because Brazil      . intends help prevent global warming	'wants to turn the rainforest into savannah
How did Mouse wake up Lion ? He tripped Lion 's paws .	'He shouted at Lion angrily .
When the boy arrived at the castle , he n't expect see many people around	'received a warm welcome from the wise man
What do we learn from the passage ? Train - spotting acceptable America .	'Train - spotters in the UK want to fool people .
According to David Gems , duty medical scientists fight problems ageing	'drugs to slow ageing will be very expensive
"Which of the following statements is NOT one of the ways creating "" Martian language "" according to the passage ? Mixing completely meaningless codes together ."	'Interchanging words that have similar pronunciations .
According to Steger , people can save the earth by changing harmful way life	'getting used to the present changes of the earth
Which of the following statement does the author probably disagree with ? Putting jewels wallet .	'Putting your money in different wallets .
What is the main idea for this passage Eating balanced diet gives body energy needs .	'The top of the pyramid is the smallest level .
What 's wrong with Zhang Zihua ? He n't get ready exam .	"""He did n't pass the exam ."
Which statement is true according to the writer 's attitude ? The present age standard n't go reality .	'The present age standard is reasonable .
Bill Gates ' house does n't look very big because large part house hills	'the house is in a forest
According to Ken Drew and Dr. Patel , people get slightly constipated and have heart pain because n't eat right food .	'they are getting old .
The purpose of the passage is to introduce service Finnair	'teach the passengers how to use the seat belts
From what Kendrick said in the interview we learn that scientists learned little sheep 's intelligence	"""scientists have learned everything about sheep 's intelligence"
Every day in America young people watch TV	'teachers and professors watch TV
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To provide career information .	'To explain why a software engineer is the best job .
When people travel on business , they usually take train plane	'a plane or a car
Which of the following about spacecraft Dawn is true ? It sent space 2008 .	'It is orbiting around the dwarf planet Ceres .
The writer uses the quote   at the beginning of the story to tell us truth lives	'tell us what life was like long time ago
According to Mr. Braun the main challenges for growing more wheat in Africa are disease pests inconvenient transportation	'resistant crops and climate change
The author wrote this passage mainly to tell readers blogs	"'introduce an Internet computer Web site called "" blog """
If John is interested in fossils , he can pay a visit to Dinosaur Provincial Park -- Canada	'Leshan Giant Buddha -- Sichuan China
According to the passage , a ranger is person training horses purpose	'a person wearing a woolen hat
What kind of music is now often adapted to influence customers in shops ? Popular modern songs .	'Classical music .
The main idea of this passage should be Why Twilight popular nowadays	'Vampires have been around us for long
What is the best title for this passage ? The world 's water problem	'Fresh water and sea water
We can learn from the passage that    Ministry Education supports reform	'the reform has started to work in college admissions
The purpose of this passage is to introduce Toyota ' struggle US	"'advertise for Toyota', ""display Toyota 's glory"
By this passage , the author mainly wants to say familiarity mess communication	'ambiguous language can lead to misunderstandings
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Climate change threatens Mekong new species .	'The Greater Mekong region is a rich area for scientists .
Which of the following facts about the nine wounds is amazing ? They left musket Civil War era .	"""They did n't cause death to the alligator ."
What will Chopsticks Brothers do ? They sing song Little Apple 2014 American Music Awards	'They will sing the song Little Apple on the Internet
What is the best title for this passage ? Music Patient Ears	'Music Popular in Hospitals
Which one is not right ? The moon light 's .	'The sun looks like a bright plate .
What makes the Rivenbarks different from other families is that tour around world kids going class	"""they have their family trips during the children 's holidays"
What 's the author 's attitude towards technology according to the passage ? The author sure relationship technology happiness .	'Technology is the key to happiness .
Why did the police officers clear the old man 's house ? Because neighbors old man asked .	'Because the old man had no time to clear it himself .
What is the main idea of the article ? The threats objects space possible solutions .	"'Learning about asteroids and meteors .', ""NASA 's latest technology to discover visitors to the Earth from space ."
Which of the following is TRUE ? Most TSF workers volunteers .	'TSF has a history of over 20 years .
What can we infer from the passage ? The little girl loved mother much .	"""The man did n't love his mother ."
From the passage we know that raise children , parents growing time	'children should learn to look after their parents when they are old
According to the passage , we know that his grammar book attaches importance conversational forms	'compares modern English with old English
The apartments in the first advertisement have the following advantages Except public resting - room TV	'the rest room has a fire fireplace
Which of the following statements about the first Strati is TRUE ? All parts made using technology called 3-D technology .	'It was born in a car factory in Chicago .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Doing chores develop students ' good qualities .	"""Students should n't do any chores in school ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true ?    Public libraries replaced private completely .	'Communication means more than transmission .
Allan Friedman believes that people forbidden get access private data	'wireless companies focus on personal privacy .
What is the author 's purpose in writing this article ? To show effective way lose weight .	'To stress the importance of maintaining proper weight .
The passage is written to tell people computer	'warn people of the danger of the computer
"What does the title""History Has Arrived""probably mean ? Barack Obama become first African - American President , overcoming centuries prejudice ."	"'Barack Obama eventually defeated his white opponent ', ' John MaCain in a landslide victory .', ""Barack Obama 's victory has given blacks and other minorities a true national role model ."
What happened after the butterfly got out of the cocoon ? It could n't fly rest life .	'It had a strong body and wings .
The passage is written to provide students ways get test anxiety	'encourage students to face test anxiety bravely
To make a cheap trip in Europe , you'd better cook meals hostel kitchen	'eat meals on the train
Why are chemicals in beauty care products dangerous ? They damage skin 's color producing progress .	'They can make the fingernails and skin black .
"We can learn from the passage that American universities "" three - year degree "" model"	"'many famous US universities are considering adopting the "" three - year degree "" model"
What is most important for the beginners ? Gaining confidence fun .	'Studying and writing at their own pace .
While watching TV with others , women usually talk a lot because they think good time develop relationships	'can both talk and watch the screen at the same time
What would be the best title for the passage ? Emotions Helps Animals Make Choice	"""Different kinds of Animals ' Emotions"
It can be inferred from the passage that new operation raise students ' environmental awareness	'the new operation can solve the water crisis
Why does Mr. Smith have to get up when his wife is asleep in the morning ? Because go work .	"""Because he ca n't fall asleep ."
Why does the writer say Drew Faust has made history ? Because first woman president Harvard University .	'Because she was president of Harvard University .
"By saying "" Comedy is just life as it is , is n't it ? "" , the author means    comedy comes sadness real life"	'life like comedy will make you happy
How did Bernie 's business begin to improve ? By providing customers different services .	"""With the help of Julie 's family"
The author writes this article mainly to tell readers that Mo Yan 's winning Nobel Prize may good Chinese literature .	'Mo Yan has won the Noble Prize in literature recently .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The writer 's daughter three years younger son .	"'At last ', ' the writer had three cats and two dogs .', ""The writer 's house was too small to keep the cat ."
"What does the article mainly talk about ? The changing meaning word "" cool "" ."	"'The origin of the word "" cool "" ."
According to the passage , we know bus dropped river	'the children on the bus came from Gengzhuang village of Dengzhou
What can we learn about piranhas from the passage ? Piranhas may attack human beings water level low .	'Piranhas are the most dangerous animals .
What do we know from the text about students of a cyberschool ? They usually Grade 9 .	'They have to take long bus rides to school .
What was done to the subjects alter Dr. Small 's study ? They given brain imaging memory tests	'They were asked to take a high - level flavones drink
What did they do to save themselves ? They built shelter wood nearby .	'They examined the water to find a boat .
In her representative work Runaway , Carla    tries run away husband	'leads a happy life with Clark
From this passage we can learn that American government pays much attention education	"'middle school teachers from each state are honored Teachers of the Year', ""middle school teachers in the USA have to get master 's degrees"
Which is the best title for this passage ? Tips Getting Sleep	'Music and Sleep
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The writer 's family moved several times .	"'The writer never stopped looking for her ring .', ""The writer 's ring was cleaned up by the new house owner ."
This passage is mainly about China 's education cultivates world masters	"'quality education development in the future', ""China 's good basic education"
How did the students perform in the experiment ? The ones encouraged writing second - person better .	'The ones who wrote in the first - person had a better attitude .
Which statement is CORRECT according to the passage ? Father Maurice Chase gave cash away birthday also occasions .	"'Every recipient could get $ 100 in cash from Father Maurice Chase .', 'Although Father Maurice Chase gave the cash away on his birthday ', "" he did n't receive anything in return ."
From the experiment we can know that teenagers opening blogs comments psychological benefits	"""writing private diaries makes no difference to the relief of one 's emotional stress"
When you have got a manageable number of choices , you 'd better visit schools regular classes	'ask the schools to send you related materials
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? In tornadoes first 3 months 38 people killed .	'Tennessee was hit twice by tornadoes within a week .
The writer mainly wants to tell us We often go back home see parents	"""We should n't work at night for money ."
According to the passage , Thula helps Iris get better autism	'helps Iris paint better
Why did the CDC receive so many calls about e - cigarettes ? Parents feared children might get poisoned ,	'Parents found the device useless in quitting smoking .
How much water did the man carry home every day ? One half pots .	'A full pot .
"When the old man said , "" I ca n't see why you should n't "" , what he meant was     "" Of course see since 're fit healthy """	"'"" Unless you live another year "
Employers are likely to do all of the following except that criticize employees n't well	'they do what they can to make their employees feel respected and trusted
The writer mentions the app to show inspired get idea creating video death	'smartphones are better tools to make videos
How did the writer finally get out of the desert ? A passer - Bedouin helped .	'A camel took him to the road .
"Which sentence from the story best supports Nilda 's sense of fulfillment ? "" I enjoying feeling happiness sense wonder come . """	"'"" Now that I was finished with school I seemed to have lost some of the excitement from my life . """
What kind of sound does he find pleasant ? Tapping typewriter .	'Clinking sound of keys .
The main idea of the passage is caused digital eyestrain protect eyes	'what people do on Eye Care Day
"By saying "" My dog could tell the difference between bottled and tap water "" , Arthur von Wiesenberger suggests that bottled water superior tap water"	'plain tap water is certainly unfit for drinking
Which of the following statements is true according to the two international competition results ? The students Singapore better students Germany .	'British students did better than the students from Poland in 2013 .
Which is the real cause of the poison ? The water supply polluted .	'The pork was poisoned .
What is the best title of the passage ? Daydreaming good mind .	'Mind drifts are always positive .
It can be inferred from the text that the author felt happy live work Beijing	'preferred Chinese restaurants in Beijing
"What can we learn about""City - as - School "" ? It school buildings ."	'It has only girl students .
"Which of the following expressions has the same meaning with "" As easy as falling off a log ? "" Shooting fish barrel"	'Walking on a falling tree log .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The lowest temperature Death Valley 29.4 degC.	'The hottest time in Death Valley is from June to August .
In the author 's opinion . American high school leavers need career advice schools	'have enough career - related courses
We can infer from the results of the research that compared men , women unfavorable condition male - dominated world	'women do better both at school and at university
The fact that most upsets the writer with the poet is that poet 's criticism comments objective	'the poet says that little has changed in the valley
You can do the following except     telling host 7p . m. n't dinner	'taking showers at 9p . m.
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? Cell Phone Alerts Coming Soon .	'Cell Phone Alerts Protecting Students .
We can infer from the story that Rodd got common boys last .	'Todd was cleverer than Rodd
The author writes the passage mainly to tell us great childhood Easter memories	'make the readers know about the rules of finding eggs on Easter
Which of the following can help managers get useful information ? Asking customers questions supermarkets .	'Visiting customers themselves .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The girl could learned English well without father .	"""The girl 's father is her first English teacher ."
What would be the best title for the passage ? No More Lonely Old Age Emotional Robots	'Dogs equipped with robots to Help the Elderly
What can we conclude from the text ? Children tend read books hand .	'The most important thing is to make reading funny .
If you have much food to cook , you 'd better choose box cooker	'a panel cooker
Mary nice lovely	'can speak little English
Why are tourists asked not to feed the ponies ? To avoid putting ponies danger	'To protect the tourists from being bitten
Who can get re - entry permits ? Visitors wishing eat outside Castle	'Visitors buying gifts in the castle shops
The best title of the passage should be     Conserving World 's Natural Resources	'The World Being Destroyed
What can we learn about the longest solar eclipse of the century ? Not everyone world could see longest eclipse .	'Any of the Asians was excited to watch the eclipse .
If you want to buy toys to be put by children 's bed , you may choose Model No . MSM-12LL1	'Hanging Decoration for Babies
The example of sleep math is used to show case build sleep debt	"""why you need six hours ' sleep every night"
It can be inferred from the passage that Americans various ways get Christmas tree	'Americans are not allowed to cut a tree for Christmas
What is the main topic of the passage ? Tips mushroom growing	'It is easy to grow mushrooms .
According to the passage , which of the following is correct ? Mrs Obama 's inaugural dresses made designer .	"""Joe Biden 's wife Jill also had her dress created by Wu ."
We can infer from the article that still long way go everyone access 3-D printing	'3-D printed organs and limbs are as effective as real ones
Why did the boy insist on looking for the gold watch ? Because wanted get reward	'Because he liked the gold watch ..
What does the author hope for the boys ? get well family members ..	'they learn a lesson from a fight with others .
According to scientists , the direct cause of more and fiercer storms is higher surface water temperatures sea	'greenhouse gas emissions in industrialized nations
Many Americans are interested in China because learned something China want learn	'China has been taking place great change
A charity show is a show that is put on to help people need	'make a gesture popular
In which order did the following persons know about the loss of the purse ? writer -- Bette -- Jean -- driver -- Kerrin	'driver -- writer -- Better Jean -- Kerrin
Which of the following methods is healthy for your pets ? Providing mini carrots blueberries .	"""Keeping them with you when you 're dining ."
Why did n't Sam need an operation ? Because Sam sent hospital time .	"""Because Sam did n't have enough money for an operation ."
"In India , it is good manners to arrange visit Indian says "" come time """	"""give present in public to show it 's not a bribe"
When the author got inside the barn , he found shaft leading top	'noticed a man on the elevator
What is the passage mainly about ? A paper cutting artist .	'Chinese paper cutting .
Who first found immune systems might get harmed by overly using antibacterial products ? Medical researchers tried explain autoimmune disorders .	'A professor of ecology and evolutionary biology .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Dogs sense fairness .	'Dogs are less intelligent than monkeys .
"By saying "" I ca n't put a number on it , "" Radcliffe means she 's not sure many times marathon runner set world record ."	'if she has the ability to set a new world record .
The passage mainly analyzes the cause of ways paying bill westerners Chinese	'the various styles of food between the West and China
"Through the film called "" Thumb "" , people can know various parts competitors ' life"	'the development of the LG US National Texting Championship
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Copper compounds needed make green fireworks .	'Chemicals in fireworks are both poisonous and dangerous .
What is the main idea of the passage ? It normal teenagers feel embarrassed parents sometimes .	'The situations on which parents embarrass their children .
What does the author think of the people who cheat on taxes ? They n't concerned particular laws .	'They take no notice of the human mind .
From the passage , we can know that The matron want boy Elvis hair cut	'Buster Brown was more appealing than Elvis Presley
More people like online shopping because 	"""it 's easy for consumers to get what they want"
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? The reason Chinese parents would anything send children good universities .	'Chinese parents usually give their kids money .
In Ernst - Ulrich Franzen 's opinion , the woman lost her fingers because somehow influenced cartoon characters	"""the zoo keepers did n't warn her of the danger"
We can infer from the passage that Australia 's recent immigration policy encourages immigrants Southeast Asia	"""there are no signs of Australia 's colonial past in its modern cities"
What 's the purpose of writing the text ? To introduce competition spelling words .	'To make people know a new kind of insectspelling bee .
This story teaches us believe everything hear	'not to eat soup that is too hot
The author believes that ice water improve metabolic rates	'smokers should eat fewer snacks to keep slim
From the story , we can know Mark never traveled small plane .	"'George and Mark were classmates .', ""Mark wanted to take George 's plane again ."
Which of the following can NOT be concluded from the passage ? My grandfather n't manage help friend time .	"'My grandfather cared about his work in the factory very much .', ""My grandmother supported my grandfather 's decision to harvest the friend 's corn at the full moon night ."
According to the passage , moving in with a girlfriend , men try eat foods girlfriends like	'have to eat more unhealthy food
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Immigrants never accepted matter hard try .	'Some immigrants are still fighting for their rights now .
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? The history Greenpeace Student Network .	'The duty of Campus Coordinators .
What is the main theme of the passage ? Accepting make life happier better .	'Expecting things to be different gives us hope .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the text ? Hydrocarbons poisonous character .	'Carbon monoxide can be controlled in the engine .
What should you do when your muscles feel tired ? Eat cheese fresh vegetables .	'Drink as much milk and yogurt as possible .
According to the passage , we know that green food examined series standards	'means the color of food is green
Now a gap year volunteer might do something more valuable like helping protect rainforests Brazil	'experiencing different cultures
This year Old Pete came to the Union Square because convention accept Old Gentleman 's dinner	'he was hungry and expected to find some food
We can learn from the text that health considered choosing sport	'sports were not quite popular in the past years
What do we know from the text about Garcia Marquez ? He wrote newspapers publishing books .	'He is the first Latin American to win a Nobel Prize in Literature .
When the author saw the basket in the window , she    fell love	'stared at her mother
According to the passage , what 's the author 's opinion towards traffic jam ? Traffic jam one consequences successful cities .	'Traffic jam is unavoidable in any cities .
With the help of the internet , You find information almost topic world network ..	"""You need n't to go to the library to find information about current issues for your homework ."
The author gave a speech to the students and parents in order to bring new team members	'teach them how to play football
Which of the following is TRUE ? Li Lanqing satisfied development Chengdu No.7 High School .	'About 400 students get municipal - above level prizes in various competitions .
Noah 's dad and his teachers went to see the school psychologist to find problem Noah	'help Noah with his study
Which of the following is not talked about in the passage ? Only women feelings nostalgia .	'Too much nostalgia is harmful .
The writer mainly tells us that 's necessary know safety tips earthquakes	"'the earthquake happens all the time in the world', ""the earthquake is so terrible that we ca n't avoid it"
The key to applying the finding to curing human diabetes lies in identifying similar genetic pathway human	'developing drugs from healthy dolphins
The best title of the passage could be    Beijing University`s Reform Causes Debate	'Beijing University Will Enroll More Students
A law was passed in 1830 to    force Cherokees move westward .	'allow the Cherokees to stay where they were .
This passage mainly tells us that pop stars n't easy life seem	'pop stars are not rich in fact
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Bob tried cook good meals children .	"""Bob managed to keep the kids ' clothes clean ."
Life exists on Earth , water , air , temperature right	'there is water vapor in clouds
From the text , we can learn that Barry founded Mustard Museum ..	'Michael will never stop painting the large ball .
Which of the following is a cause of early marriages ? Some poor parents marry young girls economic problems .	'The present girls develop much earlier than before
Which of the following is NOT the opinion of Lilian Katz ? Running shop help children get good marks .	'Children should be taught through first - hand experience .
It can be inferred from the first news that driver stopped bus immediately realized mistake	'three sisters were dragged about 900 feet by a school bus
This passage tells us . safe earthquake .	"'how dangerous the earthquake is .', ""we should n't be afraid of the earthquake ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to this passage ? Scientists think harvest seas remain good .	'The bluefin tuna is a kind of large and heavy fish .
The second part is to show play game	'teach some word stories
Which is the right behavior when swimming at the beach ? Call help caught dangerous wave	'Go off the water without a lifeguard on duty
The discovery of the lake proves that early Mars ripe ready life	'the climate on early Mars was hot
In order to lose weight quickly , you can do the following except drinking juice instead water	'working with weights to build muscle
One day Aesop was taking walk country	'stopping a man walking
When playing football , American players are dressed in a special uniforms avoid unexpected injuries	'to play it like European football
What did the author learn from the trip ? What bad effects war many families .	'How fierce war is in history .
Which do you think would be the best title for this passage ? Work give women fair pay deal	'The equal pay act
The purpose of the text is to tell people how to choose healthy diet eyes	'keep their body in good shape
The writer thinks that flying cars will be no longer a dream because soon available	"""science fiction writers ' ideas are stupid"
According to the passage , Ray boy many gifts	"""learned fast under Dr. Tisman 's instruction"
According to the author what might happen when shopping online ? The goods buy might arrive late .	'The prices online might be actually higher .
It can be inferred from the passage that Milton 's training Latin similar boys	"""Milton 's classmates learned Latin harder but worse than Milton"
At last the moneylender adapted smell	'went to quarrel with the tanner
The author writes the text mainly to tell students careful part - time jobs	'describe his part - time job during his college life
If you go to visit the Long March exhibit with an Australian , how much will you pay altogether for the admission ? 23 yuan	'16 yuan
What might explain why transport wheels did n't become popular for some time ? Animals good means transport .	'Few knew how to use transport wheels .
Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet sailed to London because wanted study system deaf education	'he wanted to get help from Clerc
Which of the following statements describes the main idea of the passage ? Women men talkative different cases .	'Women are born more talkative than men .
Which is NOT right ? Happy Sheep runs slower sheep .	'Slow Sheep is old .
From the passage we can learn that many people wrongly believe Mother 's Day short history	"'Rhea is the mother of many gods and goddesses of England', ""in America Mother 's day is celebrated on the fourth Sunday of Lent"
What 's the main idea of the passage ? A minister gains Donahue 's respect .	'The clergy are having a hard time .
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? Progress folding bike design	'Three folding bike inventors
From the passage we know that Mona Lisa is Italian woman Leonardo da Vinci 's painting	"""Leonardo da Vinci 's wife"
Some two thousand years ago , the mountain on the sun was raised probably because another star happened come near sun	'the star moved away from the sun
Some people claim that a man on a motorcycle is safer than a man in a car because motorcyclists must drive carefully	'most people want to keep a distance from the dirty motorcycles for fear that they should lose dignity
People say that Prince George fell love Kitty Wake Foulsham House	"""Smithson built the house for Lord Foulsham 's wild parties"
The arrest of a famous spy is mentioned to show . research done Eiffel Tower unexpected payoffs	'the Eiffel Tower has lost its initial value
Which of the following is NOT the way of saving paper ? To grow trees	'To use both sides of every piece of paper
What can we infer from Jack 's case ? Guitar Hero useful game .	'Computer games are harmful to kids .
Which of the following does professor Cavazos - Rehg agree ? There strong link mental health quitting smoking .	'Quitting smoking leads to a better psychiatric outlook .
It can be inferred from the passage that invadedBritaincame side English Channel	'Europeans are those who are unable to speak English
The best title for the passage should be Mom Dad , Take Care My Kid Please	'Double Single - child Couples
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? Flying Makes Me Better Doctor	'CRM : A New Way to Make Flying Safe
Which of the following is NOT true ? For afternoon tea , people use cups .	"""People do n't use the same spoon for afternoon tea ."
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? All guests knew soup served President 's party made tomatoes .	"""All of the guests thought the soup which was prepared by the President 's cook was nice ."
What can we learn about Rock and Roll Hall of Fame from the text ? It offers training programs people .	'It celebrates everything on music .
What can we conclude from Hagan 's words at the end of the story ? Hagan regretted said .	"""Bears dislike dead people 's skin ."
The writer is trying to tell us not to break links life	'kill animals
We can live for a few days without food water	'without air
Which of the following is NOT the benefit of taking a year off ? You 'll earn much money taking full - time job .	"""You 'll learn some great life skills ."
What did Sarah do after she understood the fact ? She passion everything .	"'She thought all day without doing anything .', ""She bought a radio just like the man 's ."
Which of the following is true ? When go Laughter Club , turn left car park .	'You must stay in the Laughter Club for more than two hours .
This passage is mainly about history jeans	'the life story of Levi Strauss
At first , the scientists found that The ocean quahog 400 years old	'The ocean quahog got a deadly disease
None of the experts advised big bag users to give fashion keep fit	'be aware of the big - bag problems
It can be inferred from the passage that New laws made help identity theft victims	'Children should never trust their family members
Which of the following water parks sounds the cleanest ? Chimelong Water Park .	'Tropical Islands Resort .
What job will Mirabella do if she is n't a dog trainer ? Taking care animals .	'Selling all kinds of dogs .
What did the scientists discover in the experiment ? Daydreaming could improve people 's problem - solving abilities .	"""People 's minds turned off as they daydreamed ."
Why does the author mention the study by Dr. Peter Hutten locher ? To remove parents ' worry .	'To explain IQ development .
The most important thing for a successful trick of cards is to remember bottom card	'put the cards facedown on a table
The advantage of the special lanes is that lanes prevent accidents	'they will make it easier for bike riders to go to parks
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? It probable Rachel Moore employed teacher school .	"'Mwanyimi Bushabu is a Christian and works as a banker in his motherland .', ""Adelaide White has 12 years ' teaching experience but now is out of work ."
We can infer form the passage that writer good playing space invader game	'school children will certainly steal or rob to feed the space invader machines
The writer of the story is O. Henry	'Joe
Which of the following titles best summarizes the main idea of the passage ? The Making Music Prodigies	'Music and Society
Some people do n't stop making money because    money never enough	'they want to change their lives
From the passage , we can conclude the following but laugh freely everything goes well .	'Jocelyne Le Moan is a teacher of the club .
Which one may lead to your heart disease ? Energy drinks .	'Fruit juice .
The following reasons why you do n't like flowers are talked about except The flowers expensive	"""You do n't like the flowers"
The best title for the passage is development American libraries	'the libraries in the world
To look for a person to work in your restaurant , you can contact Backer1896@126 . com	'LYG2560@sohu . com
Which of the following happened last ? Some personal belongings found	'The vintage car    was purchased .
Which of the following statements does the author agree with ? It 's great children unique traditions .	"'People should join in all kinds of clubs to celebrate Christmas .', ""People should give up traditions which are stupid in other people 's eyes ."
What was the discovery made by the researchers when decoding penguin genomes ? Some taste genes missing .	"'Penguins are believed to have sweet and salty tastes .', ""The bird 's evolution on the frozen ice sheets of Antarctica ."
When the boy realized that he was two hours late , he told father lie avoid criticized	'knew his father would not let him drive again
Why is Sonia in support of shorter school holidays ? She ca n't get anyone look children summer .	"""She does n't get any summer holidays in her jobs ."
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Fake laughter real laughter good health .	'40 % of the people in Laughter Clubs are good friends .
What would be the best title for the text ? Game McGimsey : volcano watcher	'Game McGimsey : a man of his word
"When the woman said , "" How they look like the two of last night ! "" referred mice"	'she referred to the two thieves
According to this passage , if a woman wants to hold successful jobs , she 'd better study women 's colleges	'study in colleges with both men and women
"The best title should be ""   Emperor Yang Guang Grand Canal"	'The tomb found in Xihu township of Yangzhou
Companies require their employee 's development mainly because finally help bring profits company	'it can attract more workers who pay special attention to self - development
"The park ranger described the action of the tourists as a "" dangerous move "" because adult bisons would attack tourists"	"'the tourists drove in a wrong way', ""adult bisons could n't look after their baby well"
According to Robert Foss , the high death rate of teenage drivers is mainly because lack driving experience	'their preference for driving at night
Why did the two boys go to the sea ? To get back football .	'To go boat rowing .
The purpose of the text is to encourage people visit Newcastle	'advertise the local soccer team
We can infer that black actresses often played roles servants film 1940 's	"""black women were forbidden to perform in the film in the 1940 's"
According to the passage , what do we know about Yeats 's life ? Yeats began produce best works 1910s	'Yeats founded the first Irish theater
Bob Doughty seems to be reporter VOA	'an exchange student from the USA
The fourth wave of change in America 's higher education refers to research universities	'land - grant schools
What did Red do after he got out of his kennel at night ? He let dogs .	'He took biscuits and toys back to the other dogs .
We can infer from the article that Dickens great social observer time	"""it 's better to read Dickens in time of difficulty"
When the rock forces its way through the Earth 's crust , volcano born	'an earthquake happens
"What is a bird 's "" territory "" ? An area bird considers"	'an area for which birds fight against each other .
According to Kirk Johnson , we know that Pioneer Square famous fascinating historic architecture	'people often have a good time shopping happily in Bainbridge Island
Cameron is hopeful about Avatar 's performance in China because 2012 higher box office China US	'Avatar is a newly - released 3D movie
Explosions happened when workers cleaning spill	"'valves of the oil warehouse were shut', ""the oil spill flowed into the city 's water network"
What can be learnt about the new study from the passage ? It carried two periods time .	'The participants were mostly old people .
We can infer from the passage that Finnish society high moral    level	'there are many loopholes in everyday life in Finland
What is the passage mainly about ? housing polices U.S.	'Places to live in U.S. colleges
The author writes the passage mainly to introduce five booming careers health care	'advocate five booming careers in health care
What was Temar doing when the police were searching for Jocelyn ? He friends helping neighbor moving couch .	'He and his friends were playing outside the building .
N. Hamunayya has become famous because He successfully used cola kill pests saved crop .	'He is the first farmer to use cola to kill pests .
Why does the British government send a delegation of experts to Shanghai ? To raise teaching standards maths Britain .	'To see how children from rich families have become the best at maths .
"The last sentence "" I came here an atheist , and departed a devout believer . "" implies that Grand Canyon unearthly sight God could create"	'natural wonders such as the Canyon have some effect on human activities
What result does Purver 's research team find ? Republican followers likely concerned group conformity .	'Republican followers used more singular pronouns .
Which of the sentence is NOT true ? The rate China 's natural reserves lower average world .	'China has been paying great attention to protecting the natural resources .
What can be inferred from the passage ? To solve problem requires efforts whole society .	'The polluting industries are not allowed to sell their products .
Which of the following is true ? William gave old bicycle Michael .	'William hit Michael on his way to school .
What is the passage mainly about ? A scientific study centenarians .	"'Why people on Sardinia live so long .', ""The world 's oldest woman ."
At the beginning , the author 's company packaged their foods in transparent bags to make foods seen clearly	'make their foods look attractive
"Which of the following is NOT true ? People say "" Excuse "" brothers sisters ."	"'People say "" Thank you "" among the members of a family ."
"When we judge correctly that "" it 's not ringing "" , this is called a correct rejection"	'miss
Visual illusions often take place when the image of reality is interpreted brain must case .	"'matched to six to seven million structures called cones .', ""confused in the body 's sensors of both rods and cones ."
Which of the statements is Nottrue ? Mickey Mantle would wash dishes author .	'The author would rather run through a rainstorm than wash dishes at first .
According to the passage , ice crystals almost n't affect quality pet foods	'only appear on frozen food
The author decided to stay at home eight years ago because easier wife find job	'he thought he was the better father
Why did Nasreddin make a noise with the coins ? To pay smell soup .	'To make the poor man relaxed .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Some students n't think parents fair	"""Parents do n't love their children now ."
What is the passage mainly about ? New gloves used making phone calls .	'New mobiles that are fashionable .
What is special about traffic in Britain today ? More people ride bikes .	'Taking trains is much safer than taking buses .
What do we know about Joseph Strauss ? He attached importance workers ' safety .	'He built the first suspension bridge in the world .
Compared with the traditional diary , the main advantage of blogging is that keep touch others blog	'you can write almost anything in a blog
What can be inferred from Paragraph 1 ? Sleep problems become worldwide concern .	'All people are going through sleep problems .
Tuesday is the best to book a ticket at a lower cost for fare sales usually announced Tuesday .	'fewer people travel on Tuesday .
"What can we infer from the headline "" Safina goes from basket case to top of the world "" ? Too nervous first , Safina finally gained confidence ."	'Safina wanted to top the world in tennis when she was a baby in a basket .
What is the text mainly about ? More 27,000 people UK join charity bike ride .	'Cyclists have raised overPS50 million for the BHF .
The best title   of the passage is Space Danger	'Space Radiation
To build a bridge between New York and the Long Island terribly difficult task	'was a dream of many bridge experts
We can conclude from what Charles Vest says that improving science education helps growth U. S. economy	"""he is satisfied with America 's science education"
Which of the following is not true about the center ? Organizations like Student Hubs belong center .	'Volunteers can find plenty of opportunities in the center .
What 's the main purpose of this writing ? To inform readers happened Great Plague .	'To blame poor public cleanliness for plague .
Why was the day renamed as Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day later ? Because parents girls ' chance .	"""Because some parents would n't like to take their daughters to work ."
Which of the following could be the best title for the passage ? Mysteries flu	'Outbreaks of the flu
The four scientists discovered that the level of the element contained in the lava could tell degree volcano explosion	'the place of a possible explosion
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? June start rainy season southern part India .	'To sell products 
What is the best title for this text ? School Dinners	'Healthy Food
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Home cooking important .	'Home cooking feels good and loved .
What do the local people do to protect their starry night sky ? turn landscape lights	'Plant the flower 
What are relations going to be like between China and the United States ? Relations China United States going better .	'Relations between China and the United States are going to be sometimes worse and sometimes better .
Inchiro feels that one play biggest drum well enough	'no one else should ever play the biggest drum
What ' s the best title for the text ? A high IQ linked vegetarian	'Get more IQ points !
Why were fruit flies used for the research ? Because share lot genes humans .	'Because they have a history as long as apples .
What may be the best title of the text ? Mother , son team fight Somalia poverty	'Mr . Mohamud helped found Humanitarian projects
Which sentence is right   ?     In Chinese manes , first name family name .	'In English names 
What could be the reason that Kevin 's Dad does n't like him ? Kevin good playing basketball .	'Kevin is not as clever as his brother .
What amazed the girl was that    Her home another golden house	'There was no golden house indeed
.From the passage we can draw a conclusion that forest fires in Alaska , Canada and Siberia may allow snow reflect sunlight space thus cool climate	'warm the climate as the supposition goes
In one exam , Einstein wanted different answers	'asked different questions
What does the author intend to tell us in the passage ? Choose healthy food snacks child .	'Fruits and vegetables are good for your child .
From Murxyn 's findings we can infer that probably color media affects color one 's dream	"'both older people and younger people could report colorful dreams clearly', ""young people do n't have any black and white dreams in fact"
Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage ? Kids pooling .	'Sharing children .
From this passage we know that the writer n't like robot follow Mr . Mott day .	"""thinks it is a good idea to have a robot like Mr Mott 's ."
If you want to join the Internet , you need , first of all , to telephone	'learn how to operate a computer
For some people , it is difficult to give up smoking because They needs nicotine keep feeling fine .	'cigarettes have a nicotine   in them
What wo n't insurance companies do to limit such losses ? pay huge claims	'raise premiums   for businesses in vulnerable locations
You should be carefully think about your shopping behavior if you overjoyed overwhelmingly excited go shopping .	'are angry to go shopping
Which of the following is right ? At last John tell right time clock .	'John is a six - year - old boy .
From the passage , we can infer that    smiles shorten distance people	'people always cared about each other on the bus
According to the passage , it can be inferred that film well - received	'the film is still a Chinese style heroic legend
Why did critics think engineered trees dangerous ? Because trees may affect normal trees	'these trees can destroy the balance of nature
Dr . Richard MacKinnon holds the idea that way processing emails makes feel stressed .	'it is the emails you get daily that puts you under pressure .
It can be inferred   from the passage that the writer understands friend means	"""does n't have many friends"
Which of the following is TRUE ? The farmer accepted horse last .	'The farmer was angry with the fox .
Which of the following is NOT wrong ? Liu Xiang missed two races social activities .	'Liu Xiang has had a quiet life for as long as half a month .
The research took the following factors into consideration EXCEPT     dogs pets households .	'varieties of swabs from members of 60 family households .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? The result one report education system .	"'The two different education superpowers', ""The UK 's education system is worst ."
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? BCI Could Mean More Freedom Disabled	'New Findings About How the Human Brain Works
Which of the following may be the reason for the traffic congestion in Beijing ? The large population Beijing large number cars .	'The 2008 Beijing Olympic games .
The purpose of the passage is tell piece news heatwave	'to record the highest temperature in India
According to the writer , it 's better to work technical problems besides using Internet	'use the Internet besides working out its technical problems
Why did James Joyce stay abroad almost all his life ? Because wanted preserve ideal writing truthfully , fully objectively people places knew best .	'Because he wanted to write the people and places he knew best .
What is the passage mainly about ? keep fit avoid fatness .	'increased risks for overweight people .
From the text , we can see that watching TV films probably affects dream color	'all people who are below 25 dream in color
Which day means the end of the Spring Festival ? Lantern Festival	'Little Chinese New Year
The British government promises PS1,000,000 to any person who . solve biggest challenge facing world	'can find how the next penicillin works on illnesses
What 's the author 's opinion on cloning ? Cloning acceptable used cloning organs	'Cloning should be entirely banned
Which of the following statements is true ? The discovery certain mainly limited birds .	"'Pheasants have the smallest brains of all birds .', 'Crows and parrots have the largest brains in all animals .', ""A pig 's brain is bigger than a cock "
From this passage we can see that none true	'sports and games are unimportant things that people do
What 's the best title for the passage ? The world 's first space hotel open 2012 .	"""The world 's first commercial spaceport is being built ."
Which of the following is true about the type of movies the author mentions ? The hero heroine able deal successfully problems .	'Sometimes there are cartoon characters in the movies .
We can infer from the passage that the author values voluntary work much	'starts his new life in the day - to - day activities
Which is the reason why the boy never got to play in a football game ? The boy shorter boys .	'The boy was not good at football .
"The "" WakaWaka lights "" plan was started to help poor people without access electricity"	'make better WakaWaka lights for consumers
From the passage we know Bonk n't believe two guys ' explanation	"'the two guys came back to campus late on purpose', ""Bonk was n't strict with the two guys"
Which is likely to be Morgan Fleet 's opinion ? A girl cares boys ' opinions .	'Single - sex classes should be stopped .
From the whole passage we can see that girl thankful father	'the girl hates her father because he was strict
It can be inferred from the passage that    every student gain admission one four sports	'students taking part in basket ball will walk to the courts
It can be inferred from the passage that two parties divided issue wind farms	'an official report will settle the energy problem
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The history Thanksgiving .	'The food on Thanksgiving .
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Text messaging making children impulsive	'Mobile phone use is training children to be fast
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? The speed cars Canadian cities less 50km / hr .	'All signs on the roads in Quebec are in English .
Some parents feel bad when their children look thin , because feel n't take good care children	"""their children do n't love eating and drinking"
What 's the best title for this passage ? A closer dreaming .	'The ways to raise money .
How do scientists study the past climate change ? By analyzing fossilized pollen lake mud .	'By predicting the climate change in the future .
Which of the following is a misguided idea ? Teenagers involved drinking alcohol tend better athletes .	'Teenagers involved in drinking tend to have poorer grades .
The best title for this passage may probably be Flood Warning System	'Technology In Flood Defences
Alfred tried to do the following EXCEPT go school lab practicals	'play games during a free period with his friends
Which title best fits the passage ? Trees Man	'The Function of Tree Wood
We can infer from the news that tax agency office somewhere inside building Texas	'Joe Jackson will be the first to receive the medical records
This article is mainly about sixth sense	'the human dream
What is this article mainly talking about ? A new type business franchise kids .	'The disadvantages of outdoor playgrounds .
"If someone says "" two heads are better than one "" , he means jobs done better two work together"	'a problem will be solved easily by many people
From the lectures , the author knew more about story writing skills	"""Rowling 's life stories"
What would be the best title for the passage ? Boyfriends make fat .	"""Do n't be silly any more "
What can we know about the cycling event from the text ? Cyclists may raise money last year .	"""It is the world 's largest charity cycling event ."
In the experiment , the Asian volunteers had difficulty distinguishing between fear and surprise because focused eyes neglected mouth	'they found no differences between the mouths
It can be concluded from the passage that game increases players ' awareness environmental protection	'games on sustainability and human rights are very popular among young players
Who wrote the letter ? Tom	'Old Ed .
The writer wrote the passage mainly to encourage improvement college entrance examination	'criticize   the college entrance exam
It can be inferred from the passage that if a child is given an allowance , he or she may feel responsible careful money	'spend all the money very soon
According to what Guskey said , the culture of classroom testing makes students take tests seriously	"""teachers focus on students ' mistakes"
Some children find the homework difficult . Which reason is NOT right ? The intelligence students n't normal .	"""They ca n't understand their teacher clearly ."
Who told the mouse to wait before going for a piece of cheese ? The mouse 's parents .	'The cat .
From the passage , we can know that wasting food serious problem China	'Chinese people waste the most food in January
Which one of the following phrases can best describe the whole passage ? My life road	'Getting along with my family
According to the passage you usually do everything on the first day of school except go new lessons	'learn about the school rules
"By "" saying the old moon in the new moon 's arms "" , we mean a time when moon partly bright partly dark"	"""the two moon 's are closely linked"
What is the story mainly about ? The findings new psychology research .	'What you can do with anger in certain cases .
The book mentioned in the text is mainly about girl 's fight eating problem	'how to cure eating disorders
What does the author think of her father ? He showed much concern kids .	"""He did n't like family life ."
With the help of the manager , the three men stayed together small room	'each got a small room for the night
Why does Florida governor Rick Scott want to charge science and business students less ? Because wants students choose fields .	'Because these fields usually attract very few students
Which of the following about Sweden is true according to the passage ? There huge reduction bank robberies .	"""Local people do n't feel comfortable carrying cash ."
What can be learned from the passage ? Cars passing school towns drive speed less 31 mph .	"""A passenger 's not wearing the seat belt has little to do with the driver ."
Why does the woman want to be a book ? Because wants man love .	'Because she likes books very much .
From the passage we can infer that Chinese producers well American consumers contribute lot growth world economy	"""the author does n't think it necessary for China to participate in the meeting"
Physics is not exactly different from other natural sciences because physics natural sciences parts common	'it is the scientific study of forces and qualities such as heat 
Which of the following advice is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Smiling warmly	'Listening
According to the new rules , the best students should do a lot of things EXCEPT surf Internet like	'help people in need
From the author 's experience , we can learn that hobbies way making friends	'free hobby classes are very popular
Asian carp have been introduced to the USA in order to control ecosystem aquaculture	'improve water quality
The main purpose of the passage is to inform us of information Missing Malaysia Airlines	'the likeliest fly path based on satellite and radar data
Young people like to have clothes , entertainment and music in their own way , because want try something new look different older people	'they want to make their parents angrily
The following aspects prevent Chinese literature being popular in western countries , EXCEPT Western readers interested Chinese culture .	'Western culture is playing a dominant role nowadays .
What would be the best title for the text Part - time Jobs Can Cost Dear	"'Part - time Jobs Are Useful', ""Students Should n't Take Part - time Jobs"
The main idea of this article is that Air pollution sources ranging cooking fires auto fumes caused estimated seven million deaths worldwide 2012 .	"'In the past ', ' the WHO did not take into account the overlap between exposure to both forms .', 'According to the WHO ', ' some 2.9 billion people use fires as their principle method of cooking and heating .', ""The WHO will release a ranking of the world 's 1"
According to the scientists , the reason why some people get fat and other people stay slim is that burn calories others thinner	'thin people burn up less calories than fat people
What is the effect of the hole in the ozone layer on Antarctica ? It making much continent colder .	'It is causing the ice to melt faster .
We can infer mother cooked bird	'the bird flew away
Which of the foolwing scokcoces is made out of place ? My grandfather 65 looking forward reaching Golden Ages	'The beauty of tolerance and kindness comes from the Confucisn philosophical thought 
Who once won the Nobel Prize ? Jane Addams Marie Curie .	'Jane Addams and Margaret Thatcher .
Which sentence is right ? Mary walks home .	'Mary rides home .
According to Scott Ertl , riding exercise bikes call benefit overweight students ways	'is the least expensive way for exercise
What can we know from Patrick 's words ? We recycle e - waste protect environment .	"""Waste ca n't be recycled ."
What can we learn from the passage ? In UK , things measured pounds ounces .	"'"" Elevator""is commonly used in the UK ."
For what purpose did Students for Somalia and Aadamiga cooperate ? To fight poverty increase education .	'To get more money from the women .
The best title for this message is A Modern Tale Two Cities	'The Similarity of Two Cities
What is a useful method of protecting medicinal plants ? Persuading locals protect .	"""Improving people 's health ."
What is the text mainly about ? An argument different methods moving blocks pyramid site .	'An experiment on ways of moving blocks to the pyramid site .
Which can be the best title of the passage ? Tips Visiting Cuba	'How to prepare a travel ?
Which of the following can be inferred from the text ? Many foreigners enjoy traditional Chinese festivals .	'There are fewer foreigners in Beijing than in Shanghai .
Growing up is a wonderful thing because people become mature wiser .	'people can celebrate their birthdays .
The best title of the passage is Being Happy Is A Duty	'Pretending To Be Happy
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? John contributed partly popularity book .	"'The writer published his works under his real name .', ""The character Alice was based on from George 's child ."
"What would be the best title for the text ? A Talking Kitchen That Teaches You French . 
 : Love My D og , [ ]"	'UK students have problems in language learning .
What is probably the best title for the text ? Come Here One Hundred Years Later	'A Smart Student---- Evalthus
We can learn from the text that Mongabay . com loved researchers well students	'Kids . Mongabay . com has many stories written by kids
Some parents are against uniforms because they think    probably waste extra amount money	'the dress code often appears impolite to others
What is the best title for the passage ? The Silk Road : East Meets West	'The Silk Road : Pathways for Learning
Which of the following is true of ausin according to the text ? It helps underside plants grow faster topside .	'It helps the plant to bend at the right places while growing .
Which of the following tournaments is the last to be held ? The US Open .	'The Australian Open .
What do we know about German people ? They n't make much small talk .	'They usually make small talk in work breaks .
The passage mainly tells us English bias Saudi Arabia	"""English is the world 's business language"
Which of the following can be the proper title for the passage ? Is sugar new evil ?	'How much sugar do you take daily ?
What helps Starbucks succeed in places outside the United States ? learning local customers .	'opening restaurants in just a few locations each year .
"After the writer was twelve years old , she got know "" grinnies "" used inside family"	"'thought everyone knew the meaning of "" grinnies """
What does the study show ? The background TV noise affects children 's ability focus .	'Children pay much attention to adult TV shows .
What is The Big Wild Goose Pagoda most famous for ? It holy place Buddhists .	'It is a typical ancient Chinese building .
Jimmy did n't tell his teacher about the twins because . wanted save one another excuse	"""he did n't like the baby sister"
From the passage we can learn that the writer interested new things	'was interested in exciting films
It can be concluded from the article that the writer believes that grown - children support	'parents should give more pocket money to their children
Which is the most important reason for the man to cut down the tree ? The man could n't get pears .	"'The tree was getting old .', ""The man needed wood to ' make a chair ."
From the passage , we know that The driver give money old man .	'The old gave the young man a hat .
The author 's friends and family concerned Emma 's future	"""are worried about Emma 's safety"
The passage suggests that accidents usually caused psychological factors	'accidents mostly result from slippery roads
People enjoy listening to sad music because sad music may help arouse positive emotions	"'sad music can make people relax', ""Sad music has a positive effect on people 's health"
What is the best title of the passage ? Texting traffic accidents .	'Negative effects of texting .
A player has to drop out of the game when egg cracked ends	'the pointy end of his egg is cracked
We can infer from the passage that people Shanghai today know water shortage	'Shanghai will need a much larger amount of water in the future
What 's the purpose of the author 's writing this passage ? To advise people buy flowers online .	"""To explain why people do n't buy flowers ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? A good teacher sit still class speak body    language .	'A good teacher should speak clearly .
The main purpose in founding the magazine Words Without Borders is introduce world literature readers US	'to get American literature better known to the world
If you want to send your teacher a card , what will you write in it ? Something 've learned teacher 's class .	"""The names of the students you do n't like ."
The best title of the passage of the passage is Less salt mean life	'Prevent heart attacks and deaths
"By saying ' ' There is no amusement park ride on the Earth that even comes so close "" , Ride really meant trip space far interesting ride Earth"	'she preferred a ride in an amusement park on the Earth
The main purpose of this story is to tell the readers types music popular among US teens	'about a study conducted among US teens
According to the passage , we know that Jim 's parents patient	'Jim was always ashamed of himself
With a SydneyPass , a traveller can save fares airport	'take the Sydney Explorer to beaches
What was wrong with Timothy ? He seemed deep emotional problems .	'He mainly had behavior problems at school .
Which of the following is NOT right for children who are taking the rides ? They put hands away grab bar .	"""They should ask adults ' permission first to get on a ride ."
The assistant kept two dollars himsel	'helped the men to divide the money
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The writer n't take teacher 's words heart first .	'The writer owes great thanks to Sam for teaching him how to use free time
The purpose of using lottery system is to create equality children different social classes	'keep middle - class parents buying or renting homes close to the best schools .
Crossword Weaver is used to help you make crossword puzzles	'solve the crossword puzzles
The passage is mainly about Elvis Presley began career	"""Elvis Presley ' mother"
What may be the cause for the reality gap ? Parents ' lack real effort guide children .	"""Children 's failure to understand parents ' well - organised words ."
What made Stacey begin to consider doing something for the police dogs ? An article police dogs ' problem .	'The suggestion from a charity .
Mr Gates does n't keep a password to Jennifer 's email because Jennifer already sixteen years old	"""Jennifer does n't like him to do so"
What does Ms Jackson propose to do ? To lower permitted smog level 75 60 70 parts per billion .	'To reduce the permitted smog level as much as possible .
If we can combine music and exercise , we can     stimulate increase cognitive arousal well help organize cognitive output	'stimulate and increase cognitive arousal while have difficulty in organizing cognitive output
From the text , we cart conclude that Chinese visitors make destinations hit movies TV plays	'Seattle 
At Bills ' school , students ca n't share money make	'learn the basics of economics
Why does Santiago let the marlin lead his boat instead of pulling the big fish up ? His experience told fish tired .	'He wanted to kill the marlin first before he pulled it up to the boat .
We can conclude from the passage that adults treat children equally	'the younger children are usually more easily hurt
It can be inferred from the passage that laughter make body produce helpful chemical	'some scientists can help patients become very rich
Though there are fewer seats on the buses , owners get money offering better service	'the bus can pick up as many passengers as before
It is clear that the British isles refer to two main islands thousands small ones	'Britain 
Which of the following opinions has the biggest percentage among the participants ? It easy get along well others .	'College life is boring and aimless .
"We can infer from the passage that psychologists philosophers take interest "" laugh lab "" project"	'most of the people all over the world are completely honest
When we speak a foreign language , we should afraid making mistakes	'speak according to the rules
The writer 's purpose in writing this passage is inform readers online personality career tests	'to recommend some popular online personality tests
Which of the following    is true ( , ) ? Tom football Li Hua computer .	"""Li Hua ca n't play football now ."
What might be the best title for the passage ? Changing way thinking	'A beautiful diamond necklace
The rainbow across the sky reminds us that joining hands makes perfect	'the rain bow is the sign of the rain
According to the passage , we can infer that people may go several stages accept death pet	'pets can give us some gifts when they have a good meal
James Fowler seems to believe that friend living faraway influence one 's neighbor	'a friend who lives nearby affects us most
On Boy 's Day , Japanese boys eat special kind rice cake .	"""only boys do n't have to go to school ."
We learn from the passage that the writer presents unknown facts working home	'can balance her work and family life well
The study Kim Bard and his colleagues did nothing new people findings	'included 46 baby and mother monkeys
We can infer from the passage that the iPad acts tool drivers control self - driving cars	"""can not be removed from cars when it 's not used"
Which of the following products can NOT be used over makeup ? Moisture Sheer Tint SPF15 .	'Moisture Surge Face Water Thirsty Skin Relief .
What can be inferred from the passage ? Parents ' love replaced money jobs .	'Many working parents can balance their career and family life well .
.The writer came to understand the real meaning of fishing went fishing boss , Ric Horst Shoshone	"'when he was reading "" The pearl "" by John Steinbeck"
According to the passage , we can infer Granny Look provides wide range links people prepare special occasions	'you can only get special ideas for Christmas 
From the passage , we can learn that , The research glaucoma still going worldwide	'It is hard for medical tests to discover glaucoma
You should offer help first because shows willing help	"""people do n't ask for help"
What can we conclude from the text ? Vincent thinks drawings help understand novel better .	"'Michael Bair considers it unsuitable for boys to read the book "" The Call of the Wild "" ."
The passage is mainly about     caught fire	'how to look after yourself when you are on fire
What can be inferred from the passage ? The ban something may opposite effect .	"'Streisand effect benefits most famous people .', ""It 's not a good idea to argue against authorities ."
If you do n't want to replace the windows , you can do except make windows sweeps bottom	'seal the windows cracks tightly .
The story mainly tells us things Black Forest	'who wrote the story of Snow White
The best title for this passage would be The Influence Wright American Architecture	'The Differences between the American and European Styles in Architecture
. What can we learn from the text ? Eating right types raw whole foods good body	'Processed foods are good for our appetite mechanism
What does the writer often buy online ? Things like MP3 .	'Socalled new things .
Pilling a cat can be a terrible experience because cats refuse something pressed throats	'may fight with all their strength against pills
What role is Sheng ? eading male actor	'the comedy actor or clown .
According to the biology - is - destiny ideology , women suited domestic jobs men	'can not compete with men in any field
Why are Mr . Clune and other scientists devoted to developing the technology ? They expect enable robots continue working despite injury difficult conditions .	'They want to succeed in programming robots with child - like curiosity .
This passage is mainly about avoid mistakes understanding people tell	'how to avoid mistakes about money and friends
What do we know about Little Princess Children 's Home ? Many children ended due illegal trade .	'The children in it are all orphans .
The friendships in the passage are classified   according to close relationship	'the purpose of making friends
The writer believes that New York Cities and Los Angeles leading cities across globe	'benefit from low levels of homeownership
"We say "" Happiness is not the same as money . "" because money n't always bring happiness"	'money always brings happiness
Which of the following is true ? There many right - handed monkeys left - handed ones .	'There are more monkeys using their right hands than left hands .
. What 's the best title    for the passage ? Tommy 's Bad Grades	"""A meeting with Tommy 's parents"
The author wrote the passage to ask people learn brave university students	'warn people of the danger of skating on ice
Which of the following is true ? Summer programs helpful children .	"""It is n't good for children to have fun in summer ."
What is the passage mainly about ? Social media keeping young adults awake .	'How should young adults use social media correctly ?
"The aim of "" Noah 's Ark "" project is to save endangered animals dying"	'make efforts to clone the endangered pandas
If you go to the show by car , you have to get there 5:30 pm	'after 9:30 pm
The passage is intended to tell us increase Japanese child poverty	'prove that Japan is no longer a developed country
The advertisement is mainly aimed at those who 16 oz Stainless mugs	'want to buy 16 oz stainless mugs
What can we learn from the passage ? The girl 's father United States nearly two years .	"'The girl keeps a pet cat .', ""The girl does n't want to go to America ."
This study may contribute to treating anxiety stress better	'explaining the cycle of fear and anxiety
What does the development of the Alaskan oil field mentioned illustrate ? Drilling oil requires huge financial investments .	'The global demand for oil has been increasing over the years .
Which of the following is true according to the text ? Old people likely meet accidents crosswalks .	'Among 100 pedestrian deaths there were 21 people younger than 70 .
Which of the following is right ? Jack likes apples , sister like , .	"'Jack likes dessert ', "" but he does n't like apples ."
What does the author think of beggars who take drugs ? They worth helping .	'They really need money to live .
What do we consider most important when choosing our foods ? Our health .	'The variety of foods .
The following statements may be the reasons for why sometimes the eyewitness ' testimony is not accurate EXCEPT eyewitness lacks professional help police	"""the eyewitness is confused by the police 's questions"
The woman went into the pet store because wanted buy bird Thanksgiving Day party	'she wanted to buy a bird to make a big meal
Online purchases still remain unpopular in China mainly because difficult sales returns	"""people have n't computers"
The main idea of this passage is that dreams useful producing creative solutions one 's problems	'very little is really known about the meaning of dreams
Which could be the best title for the text ? Need speed ? Slow .	'Improve quality ? Serve better .
People who find it hard to get a healthier weight think ca n't afford diet food exercise gym	'they had too much diet food
What does the writer want to tell us ? Human brains really disposal motives needs .	"""Human 's senses are n't just delivering a strict view of what 's going on in the world ."
Sometimes , foreigners in China may become frustrated(,).Which of the following statement is NOT true ? They n't think good sceneries China .	"'Sometimes ', "" Chinese are not polite enough in foreigners ' eyes ."
What does the author think of patience ? It gained slowing .	'It makes our life easier .
Which of the following is the reason for quoting Jonathan I ve ? The author inspired Steve Job 's attitude towards new ideas .	'The author thinks Steve Job is the best when it comes to creativity .
When Pepys was tidying his room and things , Jane came in and told him that fire bad one	'the fire was dying down
We can learn from the text that at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona quite companies announce new cheap smart phones	'new cheap smart phones will beat high - end ones
The main purpose of the passage is to persuade people buy product	'advise people to save on heating bills
Chester wanted to find a service dog to accompany Lucas enjoy time left	'protect Lucas from being injured
John Henry helped do his friends ' work fear friends would lose jobs	'because he was the strongest and fastest man
From the passage , we know adoption is child legally placed adoptive parents	'where a child is brought up by the government
What could be the best title for the text ? Best Ways Stop Children 's Wrongdoings	'Differences among Parents in Dealing with Children
From Ryo Desmidt we can know that parents in Hong Kong compete limited school resources children	'usually attend a language center with their children
How does the Pheme system determine the reliability of a piece of information ? Based reliability sources history authors .	'Based on how the majority of people react to it .
"With a "" Fast Lane "" card , visitors can avoid lining long"	'buy tickets online
The passage mainly tells us importance colourful fruit vegetables	'white can reduce cholesterol
""" Dropouts "" are those who go stay home instead school"	'make troubles in and out of schools
What 's the purpose for the lab test led by Prof Nina Kraus ? Just find scientific proof previous guess .	'To find how better the bilingual students can react to sound than other students .
Which of the following is TRUEaccording to the passage ? The tree decorated jewellery whose value 11 million dollars .	"""The tree is located in the gold leaf - bedecked hall of the king 's palace ."
Mike 's house is on Landsdowne Road	'Star - Road
The passage is probably taken from thank - letter newspaper	'an advertisement for an animal shelter
Marion made a list of over 200 items that needed to be repaired because repairing items helped crowd worry mind	"""he had n't been able to spare time to mend them"
From what Adirienne said , we know that one make many new friends ECAs	'students get encouraged to join in ECAs
From the passage , we learn Martina Navratilova also tennis player	'Steffi Graf was born in 1985 in Wimbledon
What does the writer want to tell us ? We brave confident West .	'We should be proud and selfish in the west .
How did Arthur meet Mr. Charity ? While teaching tennis , Mr. Charity saw young Arthur .	"""Arthur 's father asked Mr. Charity to give Arthur tennis lessons ."
What is the main purpose of this passage ? To tell parents sweets less damaging children 's teeth .	'To discuss how cavities can be treated .
"What 's the author 's attitude towards being "" old "" ? It 's fruitful wise time ."	"""It 's a pity that people have to get old ."
Which of the following might NOT be considered a product made from cocoa beans ? Coffee drink	'Chocolate bars
The car the dogs drove was adjusted ensure dogs could sit comfortably drive easily	'because is was too big for the dogs to drive
You want to spend the same day at two different places and do n't want to cross any street .Which of the following is your best choice ? Folk Music Derby Arms Heavy Music Tony Simon Bull	"""The sing - along at the Black Horse and Jazz at the Bull 's Head"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Ask smile .	"'If you say something nice about people ', ' you will get a bad feeling .', 'Think less about ways to enjoy parties .', ""One day you 'll never feel shy when people talk to you ."
What is the best title of this passage ? Safety first school bus .	'The most serious accident happened in 2011 in Gansu .
What 's the best title for this passage ? Boxes filled compassion	'The most important thing in our life
The author mentioned the women on the Titanic to tell people enjoy sometimes	'encourage people to stick to regular daily things
Mr . Watson wanted to fire Smith because Smith 's department n't earn money year	'Smith would take over a new job in another department
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? Peer pressure includes direct indirect pressure .	"'Peer pressure comes from smoking ', ' drinking and using drugs .', ""Teens facing pressure ca n't tell right from wrong ."
What did the 12 volunteers do in the experiment ? They offered hair experiment .	'They counted the hairs by hand .
According to the passage , by training one 's brain , one can reduce influence emotional drive	"'stop taking risks', ""fully develop one 's brain"
Which of the following is true ? Many gestures either different meanings meanings .	'People all over the world only communicate by words .
What 's the best title of the text ? Junk Food Depression	'Depression Prevention
When it is 7:00 pm , what may the French do ? They may go cafes enjoy glass wine .	'They may go to cafes to buy a newspaper and a cup of coffee .
In India it is considered impolite pass food left hand .	'to use the right hand for passing food at table .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? A floral shirt goes well light - coloured solid skirt .	'Colours 
What does the author state is the most important reason men die five years earlier on average than women ? Men n't seek medical care often women .	"'Men drink and smoke much more than women .', ""Men are n't as cautious as women in face of danger ."
Which of the following statements is true about the practice of wearing a bindi today ? Bindis used decorative item .	'Bindis are worn anywhere on the face now .
What is the best title of the text ? Project protect endangered languages .	'Recovering disappeared languages .
"The reason why "" Apple a day may poison children ""   is that children would get poisonous level pesticides remains apple"	'there are always more pesticides on the apples produced in Britain
It can be inferred from the three news that    whenthe Airbus A320 landed , likely raining heavily	'during the Vectren Dayton Air Show 
"By "" stupid endeavor "" , Westhusin means to say that human cloning foolish undertaking"	'animal cloning is absolutely impractical
From the passage , we can see Blacks lived hard life	'Morrison is the first woman writer to win the Nobel Prize
What is this reading passage mainly about ? Famous Irish stereotype truth .	"""The Irish festival--- St Patrick 's Day ."
During dinner , Keith is relieved because T.J n't tell riddles	'looks Norman
The original purpose of Sweetest Day is to make poor children happy	'make your friends and family happy
People in the advertisements above want to find proper travel partners	'introduce their travel experiences
What can we learn from the text ? The Singaporean government cares lot environment .	"""Kissing goodbye at train stations is n't allowed in France today ."
What does Steve Rowson think of the newer football helmets ? They work better old ones .	"""They slow down the player 's running speed ."
The passage mainly tells us about doctor named Hunter Adams	'people with mental health problems
Which is RIGHT ? Lanlan Chinese girl .	'Bob Pearson is a very nice young man .
Why is eating dogs a taboo in America ? Dogs close human life .	'It is a taboo from the Fiji Islands .
What can we infer from the passage ? The two families live little far away .	'Mr. King is not clever at all .
What would be the best title for the passage ? A Gift beyond Price	'The Cherokee Nation
What can people do at the apple events ? Taste many kinds apples .	'Visit fruit - loving families .
We can learn that      . 320 listeners marked personalities 64 volunteers quickly	'there were totally 384 people reading a passage in the study
It can be inferred from the text that electric cars clean get electricity mainly burning something	'being green is good and should be encouraged in communication
Which programme will you choose if you want to learn from the famous top experts in your field ? Day&weekend events .	'Summer schools
The story mainly talks about father raised large family	"""why the father did n't give up his family"
What can we learn from the last proverb ( ) ? Parents ' love great	"""Father 's love is more important than mother 's"
Which of the following is TRUE about the learning of attitudes ? Attitudes learned one 's parents .	"""Attitudes are only learned through one 's success ."
What aspect of drama does the author discuss in the first parapraph ? The connection myths dramatic plots .	'The reason why drama is often unpredictable .
The passage is about plan turning Mars little earth	'Mars supporting life
Which of the following is TRUE about taking notes ? You need write n't understand key words .	"""You should n't be afraid to write down everything ."
Mahalia Jackson was popular among the people around her mainly because    - - earth person	'she never changed her style or point of view
If you want to help the environment , you should do all the following EXCEPT use hairspray containing CFCs	'use paper bags instead of plastic bags
It can be learned from the text that people may get close nature national park	'spas are offered in the tourist attractions all over the country
From the second passage , we could infer that boy wanted make father happy	'the boy wanted to taste the delicious coffee
What can we infer from the passage ? Listening one 's inner voice sometimes counts .	'The stranger sent a letter to the writer by post .
What happened to the ball at last ? The boy got ball back .	'The writer managed to throw the ball back .
According to the article , which of the following statements is TRUE ? No countries world higher income tax Belgium .	'The income tax rate of America ranks 25 of the world .
From the passage we can learn that the tribes in the Amazon forest legal right land live	'only live on a reservation designated for them
If you want to buy educational materials for your children , you should choose Starfall	'Sesame Street Workshop .
How can the plants communicate with each other according to experts ' suppose ? Plants communicate roots .	"""Plants communicate by using tiny chemical signatures specific to each plant 's family ."
"What would be the bet title for the passage ? Special "" Zoo """	'Humans and Nature
With the trees planted , Doctor Gibbs often paid little attention	'kept watering them every morning
The author loved being in the swimming pool close to her father 's office mainly because loved showing progress swimming father	"""she was interested in her father 's office things"
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The parrot imitated fire alarm Shanna 's house .	'Shanna Sexton was amazed to see a parrot in her garden .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is Not true ? Singapore abundant oil natural gas .	'Chewing gum is forbidden in Singapore .
According to the passage , we give school children difficult problems to solve in order to encourage learn	'teach them to fear the pain of solving the problem
Which of the following is true ? Using air conditioners may waste energy .	"""It 's a pity to wear your dad 's old T - shirts ."
Why are scientists interested in organic material in space ? Because help scientists understand origin life .	'Because it appears on Hyperion which forms building blocks .
What does Cao mean according to the passage ? Hearing held adjustment railway price	"'There will be adjustment in the basic passenger train ticket', ""China 's railway rate for passenger will not be changed forever"
Which of the statements best gives the idea of the passage ? Airport delays rise .	'FAA should make decisions to stop airport delays .
What is the purpose of the passage ? To introduce international energy conference .	'To discuss the world energy problems .
According to the passage , lungfish can keep alive water	'be found in Asia
The passage is mainly about writer chooses architecture career	'how the bird could give up their house easily
"Why people celebrate the Thanksgiving Day ? Because people want say "" Thank "" harvest ."	'Because people want to have a big meal .
The participants of the experiment were asked identify direction sound came	'to take down the time each sound lasted
We can know from the passage that kidults are Grown - ups hold child---- like emotion	"""children who ca n't wait to grow up ."
The moon is an unfriendly place because 	'there is no air 
What 's the main idea of the passage ? All people good knowledge make career choices manage career .	"'In the process of making career decisions ', ' people should consider interests ', ' abilities ', ' values ', ' personal needs and realities .', ""Career decisions have a great impact on people 's life ."
The whole passage is mainly about children evacuation	'German U - boats
From the last sentence , we can infer that The government thinks   reliable act guarantee	'The person applying for the visa can also fill out the sponsor form
The author wrote the passage aiming to introduce newly developed teaching robot	'warn teachers against robot teachers in advance
"The sentence "" It is always hard for a small fish to live in a big pond "" quoted in the beginning of the passage is used to tell us size object really matters"	'tell us a small fish can hardly survive in the big pond
Why is it good for great art to be kept in public museums ? It gives everyone chance enjoy good art .	'It helps people remember who the King of France is .
What is the passage mainly about ? A boy something good .	'A school bus driver .
Which of the following is NOT true ? (    ) Watson thought could win game quickly , .	'Sometimes young children can beat adults in playing chess .
What can we learn from the article ? We something useful people us .	'We should plant more trees for the people after us .
Doctors have found slim n't mean fat inside	'the exact dangers of internal fat
Which of the following   is right ? The old man n't find ticket	'The old man went on the trip with his wife
Which is true according to the passage ? Chinese Taibei n't help inquiries Taiwanese studying mainland	'Chinese Taibei recognizes diplomas earned on the Chinese mainland
Why does the parrot think Mr . Vinegar foolish ? Because Mr . Vinegar gave fortune nothing	'Because Mr . Vinegar married an old woman
You have to pay a fine if car still parked street given time finished	'you leave your car in the street
What is the author 's purpose in writing this passage ? To share experience climbing Kilimanjaro .	'To tell readers about Lava Expeditions .
What does the story mainly tell us ? Jack frightened something unexpected .	'An old lady scared Jack for fun .
A good title for this passage is Ellen Logan Holiday Inn	'American Holiday Inn
According to Russell Foster 's research , students tested better jobs afternoon	'the students tested had very good memories
We can infer from the text that Ann Flynn supports students using social networking sites	"""used to think badly of students ' using social networking sites"
Which of the following is possible if the plan is carried out ? The parents get rid worries .	'The bus company will make much more money .
Monkeys tell researchers their sense of touch by looking particular direction	'making their brain cells active
The man who caught up with Mr. Black from behind might stranger noticed something unusual Mr. Black 's back	"""might know Mr. Black 's shortcomings"
From the text , we learn that writer best help Paul Malone work well ISM	"'Paul Malone is a capable man', ""the writer is a best friend of Paul Malone 's"
Meteorologists forecast the weather compared new satellite pictures earlier ones	'when they have received satellite pictures
66 . The author wrote the article mainly to advise people thankful time hardship .	'to spend their holidays in a wise way
It can be inferred from the passage that the people in Love Canal n't know water becoming dangerous drink	"""did n't know that chemical companies were dumping waste products into the canal"
What is the great leap for China 's space technology during the space journey ? The astronauts carry China 's EVA homemade EVA space suit .	'The spaceship Shenzhou VII blasted off successfully .
What kind of attitude should we have towards poems ? We read poems speak us .	'We should always read poems with respect .
"The passage indicates that workaholics find work provide satisfaction self confidence much 
 paid"	'just know work but nothing else
Why are American children getting fatter ? The writer thinks children less exercise eat unhealthily	'parents also have weight problem as their children
"Where did "" my "" mother learn the words ? She listened memorized others talking ."	'She learnt the words studying at school .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? American children begin learn manage money young .	'Most of the rich people in America give children much pocket money .
Judging from this passage , if the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere went down , the temperature of the Earth would become lower	'either rise or fall
Why do people think learning can take place at home , at school , and in the office ? Because whole city connected Internet .	'Because everyone can go on the Internet .
Which of the following sentences serves as a supporting fact to the writer 's main point of view ? Doctors warn premature cesarean section violation laws nature .	'Many more babies will be born before the Year of the Horse ends .
In what case would pedestrians in Alberta be fined ? Racing time drivers .	'Following crosswalk signals .
What does Moghaddam think the most important for us ? Seeking happiness inner mind .	'Working hard to avoid a sense of emptiness .
What do we know about the Sandy Hook tragedy The tragedy took place December 14 Connecticut .	'22 students and teachers were killed by a powerful gun .
What is the advantage of an underwater data center ? It make information easily accessible people .	'It can be lowered to the ocean floor easily .
What will probably happen to the three blondes after this test ? All may given training courses fired .	'The first blonde may be accepted as a detective at once .
What is the best title of the passage ? The Function Meanings Smiling	'Beyond Laughter -- A New Book with Fruitful Findings
What is special about the new study on bacteria ? It changes scientists ' view environment bacteria exist .	'It focuses on the bacteria in hot environments .
The purpose of the text is to introduce magazines dogs	'some cheap magazines
What does the text mainly talk about ? Minor first Oxford English Dictionary	'The history of the English language .
We can conclude from the passage that biological timing earth changing climate change	'changes in animals caused by global warming happen earlier than those in plants
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Only small portion atmosphere consists carbon dioxide .	'No changes in climate will become noticeable for 50 years or more .
"The passage is mainly about origin usage several "" hold "" expressions"	"'the classifications of "" hold "" expressions ."
The author implies in this article that modern technology driving people apart	"'old - fashioned people take a negative attitude to e - mails', 'the e - hyper world is not a nice place to live in', ""old - fashioned people do n't use e - mails"
What is the main subject discussed in the passage ? The intelligence birds .	"""Irene Pepperberg 's study on birds ."
She wanted to know whether   students could tell faster , electricity sound waves	'whether she could call her sister in Washington
Before someone wants to find a good job , he read book choose career	"'buy a book on "" How to Make a Million ?"
Which of the following is the silver medalist 's thought according to the passage ? The result could better I made greater efforts .	'I feel so fortune that I won the silver prize .
We can learn from the text that parents doubt whether Internet benefits children	"""many parents consider kids ' going online harmful"
Which statement is the right according to the passage ? The reforms intended improve student outcomes ensure success every student .	"""Parents did n't support the reforms ."
We can infer from the text that Incline Canada probably indoor park	'the winner of the first prize will gain $ 600 in Manila
What 's the best title for the text ? A Special Gift -- Yellow Squash	'Grandfather and India
What do we know about Typhoon Haiyan from the passage ? It brought lot deaths .	'It caused less severe damage than Typhoon Hagupit .
The passage is mainly about present debate economic growth	'the advantages and disadvantages of economic growth
We can learn from the passage that flying cars may share market future	'few people will be able to afford a flying car
How do most people react when they realize they are talking to a telemarketer ? They hang phone soon possible .	'They hang up the phone without saying another word .
The author would probably agree that gossip many good effects	'gossip is bad manners
This passage mainly tells you get lost forest	'when you hear a signal always three times 
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Price Private Evening Tours includes guided tour .	'A person in wheelchair can easily get access to all parts of Frogmore .
Parents hope computers can help children improve study school	'help their children play well
Why does coffee in white cups taste the least sweet ? Because white cups make coffee appear brownest .	'Because white cups are not as beautiful as other cups .
Why did the father punish his daughter ? Because girl wasting roll gold wrapping paper .	'Because the girl had torn his favourite paper .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Wireless worries	'Wireless connection
Which of the following is right ? different countries different body anguages .	'different countries hav the same body language .
Which of the following is NOT included in the facts that the Oxford English Dictionary has been updated ? Some old words left .	'Some online terms are added to it .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Heavy computer television user bed time worse sleep light ones .	'Heavy computer and television user before bed time have less sleeping time than light ones .
If you are interested in ballet performances , which of the following places can you go to enjoy yourself ? Shanghai Oriental Art Center Shanghai Grand Theater	'Forbidden City Concert Hall and China National Center
Pasha told Jenny all she had to do is learn hear stories music	'listen to Mrs. Windsor carefully
The small man looked worried , because wondered could catch 10:35 train London	"""he could n't run so fast as the train"
Which of the following might be the main idea of the passage ? Therapy dogs help students throw pressure away .	'Therapy dogs help students face difficulties .
China will build a nation - wide network in order to monitor impact air pollution health	'improve air quality
We can learn from the passage that People develop strong bond ( , ) robot pets .	'Sony is the first company to produce robot pets Aibo .
What 's the author 's purpose of writing the passage ? To analyze reasons leaves change color1s .	"""To explain the process of trees ' photosynthesis ."
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Whether ESP exists .	'How ESP works .
The writer implies that if we want to make some judgments about some information , the first thing that we should do is to . receive go information	'ask for the information
What can we infer from the passage ? Worsfold expressionless face probably looks strong .	"""The officers must have been punished for Worsfold ' arrest ."
The directors of the museums have realized museum needs changes	'people learn best when they look at something
""" Londoners are great readers "" means that Londoners read lot"	'There are a great number of readers in London
Which statement is NOT true according to the passage ? The writer 's Engineering Society carries activities within school .	'The Engineering Society is actually not very popular in the school .
The passage is intended to     inform readers Copenhagen Airport	'give the visitors a guide to Copenhagen
In one special programme in New York State , young and older people    . friendly	"""do n't work well together"
Which of the following sentences is true according to the passage ? Rupert Hoogewerf speaks fluent Chinese .	'Rupert Hoogewerf is from Holland .
Which of the following can summarize the passage best ? Green tea makes less disabled .	'Green tea makes you less active .
The two brothers left the UK for India because parents expected grow travelling	'the UK education system is not so good as that of India
Mr. and Mrs. Green learn a lot about ancient technology on ground floor	'the first floor
From Yi Shenghua , we know that What lawyers say must reasonable legal .	"""The lawyers ' behavior before trials has n't been ruled ."
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The extinction dodo .	'The appearance of the dodo .
American prefer to make friends with those who recognize personalities	'obey rules of communicating with friends
Why do we have to form good eating habits ? Because want keep fit .	'Because we want to eat more .
The old man was satisfied with young man 's first lie	"""the young man 's second lie"
If you want to go climbing , you may choose Comfort Suites Kodak	'Marriott Detroit Southfield
To have extreme sports , you should specialized equipment high levels skill	'do snow mountain hiking and ice climbing
The writer thinks that good things someone make happier	"'everyone knows how to live a happier life', ""it 's wrong to spend time on work"
Which of the following statements is TRUE about Spain ? Spaniards spend twice much heating Germans .	'Spaniards hate direct eye - contact between strangers .
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? 4 things people get wrong napping .	'The advantages of taking a nap .
Helen Keller 's parents were greatly worried because almost seven years old yet sure whether could find suitable teacher	'She was growing older
Which of the following statements does NOT belong to Obama 's rescue plans ? Stopping spending new energy technologies .	'Cutting taxes for middle income Americans .
Which of the following is the main idea of the passage ? An introduction eye - controlling technology .	'An introduction of a new device .
The survey done by White Water Strategies shows that workers got praise likely change jobs	"""giving workers a pay rise ca n't make them work hard"
What is the text mainly about ? Why high IQ n't mean 're smart	"""Those who have high IQ do better than those who do n't in everything ."
Where can people enjoy the rock music ? Kyiv , Pyrohovo folk museum .	'Lviv Theatre of Opera and Ballet
Concerning the relationship between genetic learning and individual experience , which of the following is right ? Genetic learning likely function environments n't vary much .	'They are contradictory 
What did Mrs Black say when she look out of the window ?    It 's fine day	'Get up 
The best title of this passage might be New X - ray Machine Save Lives	'How to Avoid the Damage of X Rays
In this story we are told that get feedback eyes ears	'we get feedback through the robots
The main idea of this passage should be Poor country , rich people	'Salty soil 
When playing beach volleyball , in which of the following situation will you feel most relaxed ? Playing 11-person team .	'Playing in a 2-person team .
According to the passage , work efficiency decrease exceed certain point work	"'the longer you study every day ', ' the more you will learn', ""you 'll achieve better learning results if you work three hours every day"
The writer 's purpose in writing the text is to report findings study	'show the relationship between parents and children
Which statement is true according to the passage ? Folk music way voice opinions social issues .	'The Voice of China is very popular among young Chinese people .
We can infer that a work pal works time	'never complains about your work
What information can we get from the first passage ? It jet stream affects fast airplanes fly .	'Planes go slower when they are moving with the wind .
Everyone was to be searched because gold coin lost	'Clinton stole the gold coin
According to the passage , how do engineers contribute to increasing efficiency of the agricultural industry ? By making agricultural machinery .	'By working with farmers .
The main subject talked about in this passage is    language help brain power	"""man 's ability of learning a second language"
What is the best title of this passage ? New life liver patients	'How to transplant liver for patients
Why did the chickens make the drugs only in the egg whites ? Because help collect drugs easily .	'Because it will not change the DNA of the chickens .
According to the passage we can infer that men n't want share problems many people	"""it 's good for women to tell men what they should do or not"
Which of the following is the best advice on how to control our weight ? Using energy actively daily life .	'Exercising at least an hour a day .
What is the best title   for this passage ? What kind neighbour good .	'I have some good neighbours
A blind boy sat on the steps of a building in order to get money others	'wait for some people
What can we conclude from the article ? Growing environmental awareness encouraging people recycle cards .	"""The first Christmas cards were designed earlier than the world 's first stamps ."
It can be inferred from the passage that life quality of'the elderly th.e Panlong district pretty good	'the government will spend 2 million yuan updating the GPS service
What would be the best title for the passage ? Save water , save world	"'Water -- the source of all lives', ""Water and people 's health"
What is the passage mainly about ? Thought technology	'Brain surgeries
Which of the followings did Sanford Brown fail to predict ? The invention 3D TV .	"""Television 's good quality ."
What do we learn about the author 's   mother ? She strict taught author independent .	'She thought that life lessons were as important as money .
We can learn from the test that night work requires people adjust body clocks	'night workers need a long time to fall asleep
According to the author , what should students do in terms of reading ? They read wide possible .	"""They need n't read unless the exams come ."
What did the author find out after studying psychology ? Many factors lead people laughing .	'Only good jokes make people laugh
This passage is mainly about scientists studying animals ' communication	'how scientists communicate with each other
We can conclude from the text that Anne made wilderness part life	'felt very lonely living in the woods
why does Nature Nurtures Farm plan to organize some charity activities ? To help young people learn charity .	'To help young people know about farm .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Grandma Moses Painting	"'Grandma Moses and New York State', ""Grandma Moses ' family"
Which way of learning English is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Joining English club .	'Translating texts 
"According to the passage , which of the following may be regarded as "" skeptics "" ? People disbelieve serious situation planet ."	"'People who agree on the popularity of "" eco - guilt "" ."
The writer bought an alarm system to frighten burglars tell somebody got house	'warn him when there were lizards in his house
To advertise his plows , Mr. Plowright placed sign outside shop	'praised his plows in public
What is mainly discussed in this passage ? What understand cultures	'Why there are differences between people
Which of the following is less aggressive according to the passage ? Puffer Fish	'The blue ringed octopus
One of the duties of the person to be appointed is taking charge research work .	'seeking membership for the trade union .
When the American saw Buckingham Palace , he got great surprise	'said nothing and went away
How can a 15-minute writing exercise ofimportant values affect people ? They may feel good eat less usual .	'They will feel proud of themselves and gain weight gradually .
What can we learn about the volunteers from the passage ? They deliver food elderly people .	'They design programs to help people .
What is the main idea of the text ? Why n't teens reading like used ?	'What books do teens like to read the most ?
What is true of little Aidan Sullivan ? He received 10 surgeries .	'He will go to New York for the surgery .
The author finally decided to let the sparrow chick go because keeping cage nature	'she knew that it would be able to fly
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Hardships make country stronger .	'Premier Wen jiabao went on his first trip around the quake disaster zone .
If you want to observe a cultural festival , you can go to Pennsylvania Avenue afternoon Sept. 21	"'Area theatres on Sept. 26', ""Ford 's Theatre on Sept. 26"
Which of the following sentences is True ? It used give emphasis word follows .	'Duang has only one meaning .
All the following statements are true EXCEPT that    using school gym cheaper students n't need make lot effort	"'generally speaking ', "" students will receive 12 years ' formal education before going to college"
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Cutting carbon dioxide emissions saves lives .	"""Global warming threatens people 's lives ."
From the stories by Lauren and Charlotte , we know that developed imagination	'Charlotte hurt herself when getting a coin
Which of the following is TRUE about Gustave Flaubert ? He great influence Maupassant 's writing ..	'He often went out for a walk with Maupassant .
What can we conclude from the passage ? Over - fishing new technology accounts decrease number big fish .	'The decrease of the number of smaller fish has changed the marine food chain .
The old man was very angry because    Harry hit car	"""he was Harry 's father"
The passage is intended to introduce young actor became matured acting movie	'how an Oscar - winning movie attracts audience
Which of the following statements would the author agree to ? It better think twice talking others .	'Unkind words are more likely to be forgotten .
The passage is mainly about father 's role growth development children	"'how to be a qualified father', 'the growth and development of both fathers and children', ""the change of the father 's role in modern society"
What is NOT a reason for the increase of car theft as mentioned in the passage ? More people parked cars left keys inside .	"""Police do n't give enough attention to car theft cases ."
What do we know about Darwin 's visit to the islands ? He studied different creatures islands .	'He was attracted by well - known animals of the islands .
Which of the following is TRUE , according to the passage ? Ninety - three percent British shoppers n't buy organic products .	"""The UK 's agriculture minister is an organic farmer ."
"Which of the following as a group was rated""poorly informed""by the judges ? High school graduated drivers ."	'Drivers from 27 - 45 years of age .
Which can be the best title ? The Amazing World	'A Boy Caught the Biggest Fish
"What was Elvis 's style of singing like most probably ? Not country western also bit "" blues "" ."	'Only country and western .
The passage suggests that The life high school less difficult looks	"""The teens do n't always have a problem with peer pressure"
His experience in the Army proved that good medical operations wounded	'he succeeded in teaching people how to save their lives themselves
Which of the following is TURE according to the text ? It certain water Mars .	'The water on Mars was like an ocean .
What is the article mainly about ? The Descendants sun open new pattern pick - woman .	'Song Zhongji could be taken seriously as an actor 
From the passage we can know Mo Yan born farmer family .	'He won the prize because of his story Red Sorghum .
Which of the following things will NOT happen if the end of the world really happens ? The earth moon line line .	'Humans will see two suns at the same time .
What is mainly talked about in the passage ? Dutch expressions American English	'Language causes of the Anglo - Dutch Wars
What clubs do you think Xiao Ming can join ? He can join sports club music club	'paint club and music club
If a person eats one dish of fried fish a week , he or she greater risk heart failure	'is less likely to get heart failure
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? Steam locomotive power first used 1832	'The United States regarded Great Britain as a competitor in developing the most efficient railroad system
According to the passage , who is the most pessimistic and who the most optimistic ? Meg ; Beth	'Jo ; Amy
According to the passage , it seems that writer likes life Shanghai	'there are no good restaurants for the writer in Shanghai
As a young girl , the author interested tooth fairy	'was afraid of the tooth fairy
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Bill Gates'Regret	'An Interview with Bill Gates
Why did the writer become friends with Tony ? Because Tony kind .	'Because Tony helped him do his homework .
What is the major cause of tooth decay ?     Eating sugar	'Not brushing teeth
What can we infer from the article ? The Colorado River main water source California .	"'Americans still use the term "" toilet - to - tap "" for recycling water ."
In the short poem , Ezra Pound compares passengers ' faces flowers	'describes a man walking among the crowd
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Clowns n't feel frightened walk high rope .	'Clowns learn to be funny at school to make people laugh
The main idea of the passage is that breakfast important thought	"""breakfast has nothing to do with people 's health"
The writer wrote this text mainly to inform people spread SARS	'discuss the danger of SARS
What 's special about Bangkok 's Chinatown ? It well - known gold business .	'It is crowded with Chinese restaurants .
Which can be the best title for the passage ? Boys held back women teachers .	'Boys are less clever than girls in school .
A book about knowledge of the nature should be read slowly	'either rapidly or slowly
Which may be the topic that follows ? Car rentals Delhi	'Food and drink in Delhi
Most teenagers hate Japanese because Japanese cruel war	'the Japanese they meet are cruel
What happened when the author bought anything with her accumulated money ? She kept track receipts recorded little notebook .	'She controlled her own money without using it .
What can we know from the passage ? People n't made hemp .	'Using hemp plastic is inconvenient .
Which can we infer from the passage ? Jules Verne 's stories plays liked film makers .	"'Jules Verne was not clever enough to learn law .', ""Jules Verne 's wife helped him a lot in his writing career ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The Hunchback Notre - Dame famous Europe 18th century .	"'Bacon said the famous words : "" Reading makes a full man "" ."
The main reason why permafrost thaws is that temperature Alaska rising	"""people in Alaska do n't take care of permafrost"
According to the passage , the common belief is that thin people successful	'fat people are full of energy
What would be the best title for the text ? A Program Scare Youth away Prison	"'PATT Helps Prisoners Live a New Life', ""Peer Pressure -- a Cause for Youth 's Crime"
Which of the following is RIGHT according to the passage ? The boy thinks hard teenager .	"'The boy thinks it easy to get better grades as what their parents hope .', ""The parents think it 's easy to be parents ."
We know from the passage that governments and car manufactures consider prediction made researchers seriously	"""do n't believe the prediction that no one will own cars by 2020"
Which two athletes took part in the Olympics in the same year ? Marjorie Gestring Bob Mathias .	'Marjorie Gestring and Fu Mingxia
From the passage we can know that There ways enjoy summer holidays	'The earlier swimsuits were very comfortable to wear
The advantage of the Carbot is that drive	'it can avoid any traffic accident
When did Barrett want to donate her long hair ? After visited friend 's mom cancer .	'After she saw a child without hair .
This passage mainly tells us read learn	'how to choose a good book
When having an accident and become disabled people need to turn government help	'ask the lawyers for help
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Digging hole way earth impossible .	'The writer thinks that the two brothers will reach their goal one day .
On which condition should a person turn to a sleep specialist for help ? If falls get quality sleep efforts .	'If he suffers from a sleep disorder for the first time .
Why did Ollie want Bruce to be with Gwen ? Ollie n't want son absent baby born .	'Ollie thought it was too much trouble for Bruce to stay at hospital .
What ' s the main reason that someone thinks we are spoiled ? That ' know love .	"""That we don ' t know how to use money ."
What do the teachers think of the computer system ? They think computers grade writing well people .	"'They think highly of the computer systems .', ""They believe that computers can understand a writer 's idea well"
What Elsa 's father said means ? never stop trying get goal	"'one can reach the square in many ways', ""it 's difficult to talk to Elsa 's mother"
Why did n't the sons find the pot of gold ? There gold soil .	'The gold was hidden in the olive trees .
How is Changjiang Street by Li Li 's words ? It 's famous busy .	"""It 's beautiful ."
What is the passage mainly about ? Time management .	'Time preference .
If the person who won your heart does not love you , what do you think of her ? She heart Stone .	'She has a strong heart .
According to the passage , the first impression is combination pieces information	'not based on enough information
If teachers want to print , they can go to individual reading room	'a computer room
Which of the following is right according to the passage ? At first begin simple tapes listening .	"""It 's better to listen to English for a long time every day ."
We can learn from the passage that Sleep texting reduce quality one 's sleep .	"""It 's easy to give up a sleep texting habit ."
According to the passage , some desert plants drop their leaves plants evaporate less water	'because they are drought resisters
Why did people focus on the author when he asked to be served ? Because sat white people 's lunch counter .	"'Because he asked for coffee ', "" which was n't served there ."
The unlucky ones mentioned by the doctor were whose homes destroyed air - raids	'those who slept in the air - raid shelter .
We can be inferred from the passage that Allergy test fact makes little sense	'Doctors know clearly why the number of food allergies is increasing .
You work from 9:00a.m . to 4:30 p.m. every day . Which school will you choose ? Global English Centre International House English .	'Global English Centre and Modern Language School .
What is the passage mainly about ? The history using forks dining .	'The different designs of forks .
What 's the biggest lesson the old can learn from the young generation according to the article ? Enjoyment principle life .	'We must learn to forget the past .
According to the passage we can know that Gabriel Muniz skillful football player	'is a professional football player
According to this passage , which of the following statements is NOT true ? Someone put something dangerous one writer 's bags .	"""The male agents did n't believe the writer at first ."
"Going on a "" gap year "" means taking year pause regroup"	"""asking for a year 's leave to rest at home"
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Wearing Australian uniform war , Dietrich regarded betrayer   country .	"""Visitors can see various collections by Marlene in Berlin 's new film museum ."
According to the story , which of the following is TRUE ? Ted followed Spotty Spotty asked .	'Spotty barked loudly at Ted because he was scared .
According to the writer , long queues at counters are caused by providing enough staff purpose reduce budget	'not having enough male staff on duty
As to the relationship between growth and development , what can we infer from the passage ? Development necessarily result growth .	'Development is a reliable measure of growth .
The story is mainly about make effective advertisement	'how the man lost and found his umbrella
Why does America rely heavily on oil imports ? It wants keep environment untouched .	'It wants to expand its storage of raw oil .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Feed Mind reading	'Hunger of the mind
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Winner 's Secret .	"""A Winner 's Problem ."
What 's the main idea of the passage ? An introduction slang .	'The change of language .
Scientists today are still unable to show exactly part brain	'how many chemical changes take place in the brain each second
We can get away from the earth by spaceship because    spaceship goes fast .	"""the earth ca n't pull the spaceship ."
Which of the following is the main idea of this passage ? There tips survive Alaska 's wilderness .	"""The bears in Alaska 's wilderness are very dangerous ."
What can we infer from the story ? Maybe young man n't try trousers bought	"'The trousers are just right for the young man now .', ""His mother and sisters did n't hear what the young man said ."
The author concludes that historical changes would delayed without leaders inspiring personal qualities	'not happen without heroes making the necessary sacrifices
From the text , we can infer that ordinary people right use umbrellas .	'the umbrella changed much in style in the eighteenth century .
Which of the following may cause newcomers to lack a sense of security ? Strange environment .	'A new identity .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? To take place old Justice , Justice elected Senate .	'There will be four women working in the United States Supreme Court .
60 . The writer wants us to understand that a child matures play	'can not grow up without toys
The main reason for the fishing company to fish in the far sea is that fish resource near shore decreasing	'the fishes farther away from the sea tasted fresher
Which of the following is NOT true ? The higher education level , money earn .	"""Bernard Shaw did n't finish high school "
Molly opened the door very hard because     angry	"""she did n't like eating strawberries"
The advertisement that Mr. Walker saw in the Morning Mail was for     set 10 books works Shakespeare .	'fifteen pounds and fifty pence .
Which of the following is Not True according to the passage ? Chickens produce best quality drugs among drug - producing animals .	'It takes much shorter time for chickens to grow than cows 
Which of the following statements about the girl is TRUE according to the passage ? She learned appreciate parts difficult books .	'She skipped over those easy parts while reading .
How can the aging problem be solved in Africa according to Ncube ? African governments combine private companies finish health insurance pension pains .	'African governments should spend as much money on healthcare as developed countries
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The wind threw tree ground .	"'The wind blew down the grass .', ""The wind did n't blow down the tree ."
What is the purpose of the passage ? To show - campus students taking online courses .	'To introduce Steele to us 
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Camara prison six years .	'Morelli and Camara are both Italians .
What does the writer mainly tell us ? Black people lead hard life .	"""Black people do n't have enough rent money ."
American girls make Wang Jun feel surprised because hope get tan	'they work hard at school
What 's the main idea of the passage ? The beautiful mind precious precious stone .	'A woman is helpful .
Which of the following is NOT right ? The Children 's Discovery Museum Thailand childhood .	"'Chinese people invented ice cream first about 2000 years ago .', ""You can learn about the children 's lives in the old times from the museum in Edinburgh ."
The passage mainly tells us Shenzhou - VI sent space 2005	"'some problems need solving before Shenzhou - VI is sent into space', ""what China 's space programme is"
Which of the following can be used as the best title of the passage ? Cave Art Turns Out Be Britain 's Oldest	'Cave Art About Animals Is Most Beautiful
From the passage we may conclude that dressing send messages individuals	'stereotypes can help to understand people fully
Nixon has developed the ear scanning system while there 's already the fingertip detection because n't think one system enough	'ear scanning can be used at airports
What is the advice on reducing obesity from the government of America ? To eat less .	'To eat more fish .
How did the stranger help the author ? He pulled car water .	'He lent his car to her .
"What "" idea "" did Mrs. Weeks have in mind ? Let class make toys give children hospital ."	'Ask the class to give some money to the children in the hospital .
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Exercise -- The Road Health	'Running -- A Popular Form of Sport
In those days , most Italian girls go high school	'went to classical schools
According to the passage , we can learn that cats ' sense smell much stronger humans '	"'cats can tell what you did before you came home', ""cats can cure your diseases with the Jacobsen 's organ"
People moved to live underground because living ground easy	'there were large opal mines there
It can be inferred from the The Cat in the Hat that tricks performed cat amusing	'the goldfish likes to keep company with the cat
"The phrase "" food miles "" in the passage refers to the distance food product travels market"	'that a food product travels from one market to another
Which of the following description about Kyle is not true ? He behavioral difficulties moved one detention another .	'He used to run out to let out his anger when he was in school 
"By saying "" Fairytales do not tell children the dragons exist ; they tell the dragons can be killed . "" , G. K. Chesterton meant good always win evil"	'every child believes the existence of the dragon
We may infer from the text that the writer proud grandmother	'thinks his grandmother is living a tired life
Which is the best title for the passage ? To Be Good Friend	'A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed
What is the best title of the passage ? The advantages hugs .	'How should we hug
Some countries like the United Arab Emirates have to import most of their food because of difficult climates	'long distances
According to the third piece of news , we know experts n't know girl chimps use tools faster boys	'only chimps in East Africa can use tools
What is the best title for this passage ? Is Food Cloned Animals Safe ?	'A New Clone Policy
What happened in the 3D printing industry last year ? The 3D printer became affordable consumers .	'The 3D printing technology was taken out of the factory .
Their first event aims at    telling people stay away computers weekends	'asking people to do shopping at Sanlitun Village
From its experience , the dog found that piece paper could bring half pound meat	"""only the paper with Mrs. Smith 's words in it could bring it meat"
What is the article mainly about ? Whether humans born fear snakes spiders .	"""How people 's fear of snakes and spiders has evolved ."
"Why is Kenichi Ito described a man with a "" super power "" ? He set new record "" Fastest 100 running fours "" ."	'He set a good example to all Japanese .
Which is not true according to the passage ? The government n't care people 's life disaster areas .	"'The heavy snow is the worst disaster in decades in China .', 'No other cities in the world have more travellers in festivals than in China .', ""The country 's migrant workers have more than one holidays to celebrate "
We can infer from this passage that tipping something people 's character	'tipping is no longer a good way to satisfy some customers themselves
The purpose of the writing is to introduce tourist activities Banff	'advertise for the sports in Banff
What Do You Really Want ? is a book that discusses reach one 's goal	'talks about how to treat others
Where can a couple with an eight - year - old girl make a tour ? Guided House Tour .	'In - Depth Tour .
Which of the following is the last discovery of new species of animal except the rodent ? A new kind rabbit .	'A new kind of bats .
Which of the following can be the best title of the text ? The Future Cars : Wireless Wheels	'The Future Traffic Management System
We can learn from the passage that surface Mars bitterly cold , radiation - soaked dry	'water has already been found on Mars
The writer tries to make us believe that 's unwise mankind use land uncontrolled way	"""it 's quite good for students to learn more about the history of mankind"
We can infer from the passage that many people kind animals	'zoos are too poor to feed the animals
What does the writer think about the fairytale ? He believes make fairytale come ture .	'He thinks the fairytale makes no difference to our lives .
The third mistake Mary made was that she kept clients ' cards wrong place	"""took her clients ' cards with one hand"
Which on of the following is true according to the passage ? The spacesuit flight Shenzhou 7 n't prepared well .	'Yang Liwei -- one the Chinese astronauts walked in space in 2003 .
What can be the best title of the text ? Internet offers fast track fame .	'Internet celebrities set examples for people .
The main topic of this passage is learning music	'creating music
What is most important in learning knowledge ? Grasping learning course .	"""Getting the teacher 's help ."
Which activity is NOT included in the voyage ? Finding roommate .	'Having singles cocktail parties .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The boy 's family hard life .	'It was easy for the boy to find the watch .
The passage mainly talks about history backpacks	'different functions    of backpacks
In Jing 's opinion , what should be done to reduce the suicide ? Continue improve social environment .	'Pay more attention to rural women .
Which of following is NOT true ? Mr. King usually goes bed 22:00 .	'Mr. King usually gets up early .
Why do the stars look smaller than the moon ? Because stars farther away us .	'Because the stars are smaller than the moon .
A suggested measure to be taken to reduce teenagers ' driving accidents is that licensing system improved	'driving in the presence of an adult should be made a rule
What 's most important in students ' admission to American colleges and universities ? High school record	'Performances in SAT and ACT
What 's the possible similarities between Urban OS and PC operating system ? The ability deal information .	'The service to help police control the traffic .
The writer felt comfortable because man big smile face	'the man looked him in the eye
Which of the following can not be seen at Frigo 's ? Customers eating happily around tables	'A chalk board covered with descriptions of sandwiches
If you want to enjoy yourself in the evening , you may go to Virginia Beach	'The News Museum
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Animals language skills .	'Animals behave by instinct .
What is the best title for the text ? Sitting Too Much Could Be Deadly	'Not Sitting Too Much While Working
Which of the following statements is TRUE about jeans ? Strauss Davis owned invention using rivets jeans .	"'In California ', "" Levi 's was the only jeans seller in 1928 ."
"The clerk at the store may ask the customers , "" Would like pencils cake ?"	'Would you like some milk with the cakes ?
What can we conclude from the above story ? Norman seemed devoted Abbess .	'Emma knows all the people mentioned .
The scientists have found cities become hot summer	'Atlanta is the hottest city in America
What may be the disadvantage of using the technologies ? Technologies keep deep research .	"'Students have more information resources besides from teachers .', ""Teachers ca n't control or influence their students at all ."
The hardest thing in preparing for his Italian trip was getting visa Italian consulate without invitation	'booking a comfortable hotel on his own in Rome
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Most new videos made professionals go YouTube every day .	'People use the website YouTube to entertain others 
How did the couple 's parents react to the wedding ? The bridegroom 's parents joyful .	"""The bride 's mother shared their joy ."
Why did the writer think Mrs. O'Neil unforgettable ? Because Mrs. O'Neil taught important lesson writer .	"""Because Mrs. O'Neil often gave her student maths tests ."
When did the thief take Mrs. Green 's money ? After Mrs. Green went wash hair .	'Before Mrs. Green came back home .
The author quotes    3the woman to show Londoners took Exercise Flood Call calmly	"""argue that it 's impossible to prevent floods in London"
It can be inferred from the passage that the driver regretted able keep touch Ed	'forgetting to send Ed Christmas cards
Where is the KFC ? It 's across supermarket .	"""It 's near Li Li 's home ."
It can be inferred that student taught man teacher , think works harder make greater progress	'one third of primaries has an all female staff
What can we learn about time travel ? Time travel used freely .	'Time travel is forbidden in Chinese shows .
Which of the following would scientists most probably agree with ? It may soon difficult find large predator fish .	'It will cost much more in the future to catch big fish .
What is true about Edmond Rhim according to the passage ? Edmond Rhim seldom hugged wife kids went Father School .	"'Edmond Rhim was a bad father .', ""There were 70 men in Edmond Rhim 's class ."
The best title of the passage might be Watching Animals Save Us	'Animals React to the Disasters
Scientists have the belief that everybody sense direction birth	'some people have a sense of direction when they are born
If you want to join in the camp , you must fill forms first	'have some experiences of camp
According to the article , it is safe to say that earthquake Chili caused many aftershocks .	'large cities are always built in quake zones
By writing the article , the writer tries to draw attention Internet language	'explain some Internet language
Which can be the best title of the passage ? China Daily : New Employees Wanted	'China Daily : An International Team
What can be inferred from the passage ? The author believed 's beneficial say thank .	'The author was confident that his son would get the job .
What was the main reason for Rockets continuous winning ? It n't seem mentioned passage .	"""McGrady 's falling six points short of his season high ."
Which of the following results in the fewest bacteria after washing our hands ? Dying hands using paper towel .	'Dying our hands using wet towels .
Which of the following is true in describing the popularity of Lego ? The Lego Group produces 30 thousand toy bricks every minute .	'More than 5 billion people in the world own Lego sets .
The Verizon Innovative App Challenge was launched to let students create apps solve problems	'call on students to put their ideas into practice
According to Zeng Ming , this year Alibaba will 159 billion dollars ' sale	'rank top among all the Internet firms
This passage mainly talks about disadvantages electronic books	'the future of electronic books
The author of the passage intends to present us brief clear picture demographic growth	'warn people against the population explosion in the near future
The woman was getting angrier each moment because policeman kept writing ticket	"""the policeman did n't know her friends"
Which of the following description is NOT mentioned in the text ? Fido drove away wolf protect master 's sheep .	"""Fido did n't leave its sick master 's chamber - door even refused to take food until its master recovery ."
The purpose of this passage is advertising book	'to promote classroom teaching
From the text , we can learn that Stephen Bastas is most probably open - air theater operator	'a movie maker
According to the Movie Express above , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part II is mainly about - war good evil forces	'a journey of Harry 
The best title for this passage may be Words , Gestures Feelings	'Words and Feelings
Which type of music below can make people eat faster ? Rock music .	'Light music .
Which of the following situations can we infer is most dangerous according to the passage ? A teenager driving midnight passengers car .	'Adults giving a lift to teenagers on the highway after 10 p.m.
Which film is romantic comedy ? My Lucky Star	'Beijing Love Story
What do skin tests and blood tests NOT show ? Whether allergic reactions severe .	'Whether a certain food will produce a rash or not .
All the following aspects are the benefits of kids pooling EXCEPT It offers better education kindergartens .	"""It saves time and helps relieve mother 's burden ."
How does the writer suggest readers learn the strategies provided by the class ? They try order choose suitable one .	'They should choose one suitable strategy to improve speed reading .
Some kids need help from teachers to make friends because shy good making friends	'they miss their old friends a lot
We can infer from the passage that Mandela wanted blacks whites live equally peacefully	'Mandela hated white people and the government for white people
We can learn from the passage that friends share happiness well problems	'we must be careful when we choose our friends
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? . Most passengers regard new measure necessary .	'. Major delays were caused after the security order went into effect .
What is the best title for this passage ? Passing Your Love On	'Changing Seats
Why did the young man go to visit the wise man ? Because wanted know rich .	'Because he wanted to be wise .
Low fat milk is in the dairy department	'meat department
What could be the best title for the passage ? Cellphone Manners Are Must	'How to Use Cellphones
Which of the following is WRONG ? The boys near door break windows every day .	'The ball comes into my house through my window .
What is the main idea of this passage ? What makes good cheerleaders work .	'Cheerleaders are part of athletic competitions .
Why was a new rule made ? Mount Everest considered big dustbin .	'The rubbish problem there suddenly became serious .
We can learn from the passage that Love Parade canceled forever	'the Love Parade is a very popular sport event
The author became more interested in the boy than in the socks because attracted boy 's enthusiasm work	'the shop was the finest shop in the world to buy socks
The writer 's purpose of writing this article is to   question necessity record breakers	'explain the reasons why modern people prefer to adventure
What 's the purpose of Emory university 's experiment ? To study dog 's reaction five different scents placed front .	'To learn how to get along well with dogs
What is the main idea of the passage ? The birth use atomic bomb ended Second World War .	'An atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
When you ask a teacher questions you already know the answers to , may make fool trying smart	'it means that you should not be above asking questions
According to the text , it can be inferred that Roadpost offer cell phones used different areas	'an international BlackBerry is mainly used to send 
The writer would like you to drink enough water exercising	'eat much meat before exercising
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Tears always making us feel comfortable .	'Tears are a sign of strong emotion .
Bus riders can NOT use bills	'a bus pass
What does this passage mainly talk about ? The Nessie .	"'The natural scenery of Loch Ness .', ""Skeptics ' opinions on Loch Ness Monster ."
The writer wrote this passage mainly to tell way learning Chinese	'show what the Chinese people are doing
From the text , we can know that    customers careful credit cards shopping online	"'once customers put the products in their "" shopping carts "" "
Which of the following is TRUE about the book We Can Do ? Cavalin spent four years writing book .	"""Cavalin 's mother helped him finish the book ."
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? The price Oreck Air Purifier lower similar products .	'A flu shot may prevent you from the flu .
"When the author says "" The ice is like home"",she really means she express performance ice"	'can beat others in local and regional competitions
What can we conclude from the passage ' ? It n't matter slightly obese .	"""It 's OK to put on extra weight ."
The purpose of the article is to ask people take action protect wetlands wildlife	'attract more visitors to pay a visit to Zhalong Nature Reserve
The text is mainly about soap opera called	'some popular soap operas
Why does the author ask the postman about his baby ? He wants create good impression .	'He wants to be always polite to him .
According to the text , Death of a Salesmantries to tell us American Dream like	"""about Bernard 's dedication to his work"
The world is thirsty because About 97 % water earth ca n't drunk used watering plants directly	'3/4 of the earth is covered with water
You Mi 's fluent English is based on deep interest	'her chance to host an English broadcasting programme
. If the Chinese government is to develop nuclear power , it needs to everything power guarantee safety nuclear power plants	'copy exactly what the developed countries have done
According to Professor John Thompson , the best way to deal with primary cancer is surgical excision	'injecting tumors
Which of the following was TRUE about the son ? He expecting resistance job option .	'He had no idea of what he wanted to do in life .
It can be inferred from the passage that workaholics addicted job people drugs alcohol	'in the eyes of all the common people workaholics are peculiar
What happened to the boy when he stuck his arm into the water ? He felt great sadness .	'He caught some fish .
Which of the following is right ? Great athletes may earn money people .	"""If you do n't have a diploma "
Andy rushed upstairs for sleep because afraid Tubby would take bed	'his parents reminded him of the bed time
What would be the best title of the text ? Expressive writing heals physical wounds .	'Skin biopsies are likely to cause wounds .
Which of the following statements about the film 2012 is TRUE according to the text ? The old Mayan story says world end	'A big fire destroys Yellow - stone National Park .
Which of the following is true ? The boy shy give gift teacher .	'Sometimes the boy handed his gift to his teacher directly .
From the passage , we learn that grown - process takes time	'being grown - up is just a matter of age
Mr Tamang wants to sell one apartment to pay government tax apartments	"""edit a book of Charles Ford 's photographs"
According to the passage , apples used to be a good choice of gifts for Teachers ' Day because students want wish teacher good health	"""apples are in season on Teachers ' Day"
The passage mainly shows us that the author failed for quite a few times but she never gave up and succeeded passing driving test got license end	'she succeeded in driving her car to send her two children
According to the passage , it is clear that Diana , Vivien writer became good friends last	"""Diana did n't like the sandwich"
Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? Elisabeth Moss ever performed Broadway stage .	"'Keira Knightley was awarded Best Actress 2010 Evening Standard Awards .', 'Without the two big stars ', "" people would not buy the play 's tickets ."
What kind of people will probably answer this advertisement ? High school graduates preparing - home training .	'College students preparing to study for a degree .
Leon 's father managed to get Leon a new hand by printing hand	'buying a prosthetic hand
Why did the author cry when she put on the new skirt ? She disappointed lost style new skirt .	"""The skirt did n't fit her well . ks5u"
A teacher 's job is show students study	'to help the students with their lessons
We can infer from the text that A Mammoth Christmas cartoon film	'the mammoth is a symbol of Christmas
The passage is written mainly to inspire people join charitable causes UK	'introduce the traditions of the Red Nose Day
What was the damage of the earthquake ? Some national palace fallen ground .	'A hospital was partly ruined in Petionville .
What can we know from the experiments ? Over many days , effects losing weight add although may seem huge .	'Participants were given snacks to eat while they wore headphones playing the same noises .
Which is NOT the reason that moral science is taught in schools but with little effect ? Morality ca n't written textbooks .	"""Morality does n't strictly belong to a science"
According to the passage , the following statements are true EXCEPT heat human bodies , heat - omitting objects used cold winter	'fat 
The purpose of the passage is to attract people preserved park	'show you the formation of Paynes Prairie
John was cutting down fewer and fewer trees . He thought must losing strength	'he needed to sharpen his axe
Which of the following is Not true ? The development China n't cause pressure countries	"'Products made in China are more and more popular all over the world .', ""TVs and fashionable clothes are n't good gifts for Chinese people ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Magnificent clothes wonderful dancing rulers show .	'The best title of the passage is The voice of China .
The text mainly tells us that many kids    ' drink enough water daily	"""don ' t like drinking water"
What caused milk prices in California to increase ? Being short rain .	'Short supplies from other states .
What does the author intend to tell us in the passage ? To wash hands soap .	'To keep healthy by washing hands .
Which of the following is mainly discussed in the passage ? Business skills fashion industry .	'Talent in fashion .
Why are more Chinese students able to study abroad ? Because families enough money send international universities .	"""Because they ca n't go to the best universities at home ."
Why did Alan decide to spend his holiday at Willow Farm ? Because thought would make change sitting seaside	'Because he had a good friend there
According to the passage , which concern will last forever ? The concern shared parents children .	'The concern shown to their children by their parents .
Why are good reviews important to books ? Good reviews bring large circulation books reviewed .	'Good reviews are excellent introduction to books .
"What does the beggar mean by saying "" for the first time I feel respected "" ? The beggar n't shown care long ."	'The beggar has been waiting for Cai for long .
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? After quitting drugs , author kept away people addicted drugs .	"""The author 's desire for drugs did n't stop when he was at the place he found in the paper ."
What is the author 's opinion ? She / prefers live countryside rather live city .	'She / he prefers to live in the city rather than live in the countryside .
What can we learn about coffee in India ? Coffee consumed today doubles ten years ago .	'Coffee is consumed more than tea in India now .
According to the text , wind chill means fast exposed skin freezes	"""does n't affect your head as much as other body parts"
Why do people across the world celebrate Mother 's Day ? Because want express thanks send best wishes mothers .	"'Because they want to express thanks and send best wishes to Rhea .', ""Because Mother 's Day is an official festival in the US ."
From this passage we can infer trendy shoes may ruin teenagers ' health	'fashionable shoes all have orthotics in them
What did Mr Stilwell do to the boy ? He hit boy stick n't give money .	'He asked the boy to give some bread to the dog .
.Why did the students think the exam was easy at first ? Because could bring books notes classroom test .	'Because it was their last exam in the college .
The author mentioned playful children at the beginning in order to show sea otters fun watch .	'describe a scene where children play with sea otters .
Why did the author carry out the survey ? To inform people different steamers	'To run an advertisement for steamers
How is online shopping changing our lives ? Above .	"""We do n't need to go to the shops to buy things ."
At first researchers asked Rico to bring certain toy room	'choose a toy that he liked best
Which of the following is NOT true ? There French books library .	'I like reading books very much .
What can be inferred from the passage ? This technique still needs improving satisfy normal application .	'Scottish researchers have kept five more drug - producing chickens .
The writer told this story in order to show us everyone something future	'wise men are sometimes stupid
From Para . 1 , we learn that Romania might unsafe time	"'a trip to Europe would be dangerous', ""the mother did n't want to see her son"
Who are target learners of Rocket French Premium ? Students French language .	"'Language experts doing research into French .', ""Teachers who are eager to improve their students ' French ."
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Make Difference Your Holiday Season	'Make the Best of Talent
The four telescopes will take pictures of the same patches of sky because one telescope may provide incorrect information	'one telescope often takes unclear pictures
What does the conclusion of the studies of noise conducted by Bridget Shield and Julie Dockrell suggest ? We create school children peaceful environment .	"""Peaceful music plays an active role in students ' learning ."
According to the teacher , if a Child hates three persons , he or she needs to carry three potatoes	'one potato
What do n't we know about the Abecedarian Project after reading the text ? Whether lawmakers spend money public early education .	'How important early education is for poor children .
From the passage we know that people making rules order fight pollution	"""today people do n't have to talk to each other in a loud voice"
Which of the following can be filled in the blank in the text ? Better Avoid Crowds .	'Fly to popular places .
The writer enjoyed his visits to the farm because exciting place	'he liked his grandfather
It can be inferred from the passage that at the beginning of the 20th century great changes occurred 19th century 20th century	'the world knew nothing about science 
Which is true of the following statements ? Sixty percent Earth 's fresh water contained huge Antarctic ice sheet .	"'Ice melting from below is responsible for 35 percent of the shelf loss from 2003 to 2008 .', 'The major ice shelves are called Ross ', ' Filchner and Ronne ', "" which make up one - third of Antarctica 's ice shelves ."
In his article , Richard Florida tried to express that renting house better    owning house	"'people in Los Angeles are happier    than those in St. Louis', ""Detroit 's economy is healthier than    New York 's economy"
Jennifer got lost in thought when she     remembered happier times writing stories acting	'played the piano with Pasha for the first time
Which of the following might be the best title of the passage ? Female bosses get stress work male bosses .	'Female bosses get less stress from work than male bosses .
Which of the following about Career Personality is TRUE ? One choose dream career / personality .	"""Choosing a dream career depends on a person 's ability ."
In the opinion of Mr. Duffy , teachers should be judged by whole development student	"'the value - added data of the times', ""students ' scores of standardized tests"
When we 're watching birds , we have to hide make birds everything usual	'look after the birds more often
The writer mainly wants to tell us that Internet use may cause psychological problems	'the Internet can bring people many advantages
What is the best title for this passage ? A special candlelight Christmas Eve	'The dream of an old lonely lady
The examples of kids lying in the passage show lying sign intelligent development	"""lying is good for children 's growing up"
Which of the following is NOT true ? Andrew killed accident father 's birthday .	"""Andrew 's father was busy looking at his bills on his birthday ."
Effective leadership is important partly because creates positive working environment	'it helps a leader to develop lots of skills
You should take a book with you to set good example children	'enjoy your summer holiday
The author of the passage tends to agree that parents schedule quality time kids leave home	"'parents should build their life around their kids', ""parents ' relationship with their kids has no effect on marriages at all"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the article   ? Exercising much good us .	"""Do n't drink water when you exercise "
Which of the following may serve as the best title of the passage ? What makes house home	'How to make a house a home
What is the best title of the passage ? J.K. Rowling Writes Sad Teen	"""J.K. Rowling 's New Book"
We can learn from the beginning of the article that The higher higher pay courses accounts rise UK students ' dissatisfaction .	'Most of the university students at UK are dissatisfied with their courses .
What can we know about Asperger 's Syndrome according to the passage ? Asperger 's sufferers ideal computer professionals .	"""Asperger 's sufferers never get married and have children ."
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Spenser , Shakespeare John Milton friendly relationship .	'John Milton was a most learned poet .
Why did Brenda try to play in the strangest places ? Because n't want disturb others .	"""Because she did n't want others to hear her play ."
Which one is the best title for the text ? The Loyal Dog	'Saving the Master
Which of the following statements might Ricky Gervais agree with ? Britons comfortable life 's losers Americans .	'Americans are more optimistic and realistic than British people .
We can infer from the passage that things military use transformed peaceful use	'wars were not expensive in the past
What can we infer from the passage ? Tom Becker likely promising novelist children 's writing future .	"""Darren Shan 's novels are all very popular with children between the ages of 9 and 12 ."
What can we learn about Gilbert ? His performance inspired mom .	'He made it in the final race .
The best headline for the article is The beginning horsepower	"""Watt 's steam engine"
What 's the best title of the passage ? Human beings get along well animals	'Werner Freund and his famous Wolvespark
Which of the following is Not True according to the passage ? Grandma probably n't like reading books much .	'Sara knows little about engineering .
The main purpose of this passage is probably tell readers dogs smell victims buried ruins	'to show the way to rescue the victims in the ruins
Marion made a list of over 200 items that needed to be repaired because repairing items helped crowd wor ry mind	"""he had n't been able to spare time to mend them"
Which of the following statements can best describe the sport of boxing as a whole ? It controversial sport , nevertheless enjoys great public support .	'It is a brutal and violent sport 
Which can we know about Chinatown according to the passage ? A great number people visit every year .	'Businesses in Chinatown are going well .
Which of the following may offer a position after the internship ? IBM Blue Pathway 2010 internship program .	'Baidu summer internships .
A surprising discovery made by the investigators during their visit to ground zero is that floor framing systems demonstrate resistance explosion	'floors in the faraway buildings remained undamaged
Women should have the chance of doing the same jobs and getting the same pay as men according law	'as a result of those important jobs
Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage ? zxxk Abuse Its Causes	'Categories of Abuse
The technique of heat recovery is used collect reuse heat	'to provide heat for the hot water system
Compared with American students , Chinese university students live easy life universities	'have no difficulty in raising a family
The passage is mainly about development photography	'the invention of cameras
"According to this passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? "" Dress - Friday "" first given favor employers ."	'Company workers started to dress down about twenty years ago .
According to Linda Wasmer Andrews , 2 pm appropriate napping time	'your body is ready to sleep at late time in the day
"The main idea of the passage should be Oscars leaders promise "" brave , fresh""show"	'Oscars leaders announce new film
We can learn from the text that insects fly way birds	'insects travel more easily in autumn
Which of the following sentences is true ? Some children parents played poor .	'Half the poor and half the rich joined in the activity .
We may infer from Amy 's story that news media played important role helping Amy	'Amy will still be made fun of by others
What is the writer 's idea about audiobooks ? Audiobooks good solution problem time read .	'Listening to audiobooks is easier than reading books .
"The sentence""Zidane found that football made his poor childhood rich""means football brought happiness Zidane child poor family"	"""football made Zidane 's poor family wealthy when he was a child"
Jack became very worried one afternoon because Dick could n't take walk usual time	'a young man came to visit Dick that afternoon
Why does the author prefer being served by humans rather than by robots ? Robots indifferent emotionless .	"""Robots do n't offer to give store coupons ."
What is the best title of the passage ? The older person , happier grows .	'The older a person is 
The students are expected to speak English    entire time school	'part of the time while at Jackson
On arriving in Chile , the author felt frightened because living conditions much worse familiar	"""he could n't get used to working so hard as Chileans did"
American Girl is a magazine different from the others because 's written specially girls	'it features fun stories and great sports tips
What do telemarketers do ? Attempt sell products people call .	"'Try and buy something from the people they call .', ""Fool people to buy products that do n't exist ."
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To appeal volunteers .	'To introduce the London 2012 Olympics .
We can learn from the passage that chest aches one suffers heart attack	"""a long day 's work usually results in heart attacks"
The best title for this passage might be Women Work	'Nikki Henriques 
The major threats to Shanghai are rising sea levels typhoons	'increasing population and coal - fired power stations
From the passage we know that Mr . McCorpuodale gets lot pleasure traveling planning	'has visited all the countries in the world
What is the text mainly about ? The difficult process building Eiffel Tower .	'The special structure of the Eiffel Tower .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? We often n't know lost happens someday .	'If you give someone your love 
The following statements are true except Brightman first appeared West End musical 5	'Brightman disliked life on campus
What 's the best title of this passage ? Laws rules .	'The Origin of Laws
What is the main idea of the passage ? Study Suggests Video Games Might Help Dyslexics	'Video Games are good for children .
What can we know from Paragraph 1 ? The first English dictionary published early 17	'Vowels were pronounced longer towards the end of Middle English
A morning people will work better early day .	'get later but work better
This passage is mainly about animals move one place another	'how animals can find food easily
Allen spoke mainly to get his point across that long - time attraction ought make way future attraction	'the Bears will be missed
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Student cards needed get discount textbooks .	"""Bookie 's is a place for students to buy their course textbooks ."
Which of the following is true ? Students Britain long break afternoon lessons .	"'In Britain ', ' most students live at school at night .', ""Students in Britain must n't call their teacher 's names ."
Which of the following is one of the concerns with biofabrication ? Scientists difficulty getting blood replacement tissue .	"""Researchers ca n't find enough living cells of animals to make the bio - inks ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Food manufacturers assume responsibilities .	'The Food Safety Modernization Act has made a great difference .
"The best title for this passage should be ""   Is Tolerance Virtue ?"	'Tolerance and respect
Which of the following is right about Mr. Smith ? Mr. Smith busy , n't time relax .	"""Mr. Smith does n't stop talking before going to bed ."
It is stated in the passage that people give exact details appearance face	'it is unusual for a person to be able to identify a face satisfactorily
Most animals move from one place to another at a certain time to find food easily	'enjoy warmer water
Which of the following statement is NOT true about the business district ? People usually work live business district .	'Big companies usually have their main offices in the business district .
Which ca n't the Internet do for you according to the passage ? Do homework	'Find out the latest news .
It was found in the research that vegetarians ate fish chicken similar intelligence strict vegetarians	'most of the participants became vegetarians 20 years after the IQ tests were carried out
In the author 's opinion , how can you make your audience have interest in your speech ? You must clear idea want say .	'You must make your audience learn your main ideas by heart .
What is the best title for the passage ? The Future Newspaper	'The Best Way to Get News
This article mainly tells us that A blind stranger led way Mr. Smith foggy day .	'Mr. Smith works for the government .
Which of the following may be the best title for the text ? Several factors affect kids ' sleep .	'Several sleep troubles appear at school .
The author 's purpose in writing the passage is to stress importance protecting environment	'enjoy beautiful environment happily
According to the passage , which of the following wind forms is the strongest ? Category 2 hurricane .	'Tropical wave .
According to the text , electric cars burn fuel gas - powered ones	'are very good at cleaning up when things are not too concentrated
What does the passage mainly introduce ? A material turns red breaks .	'The collapse of an overpass in Zhuzhou 
Which of the following seems to be true according to the passage ? The writer tried follow Russians~ behavior Russia .	'Russian gentlemen never peel bananas for ladies .
Long ago , people sent their cameras to a factory because wanted film developed	'they wanted to have the cameras cleaned
Brenda became famous because played drums space bubble	'she made a space suit
"Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? We 're living "" 1984 "" today ."	'We are all Winston Smith .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Change means success	'How to cross the desert
One can never learn a foreign language well only by studying dictionary	'learning through use
Generally speaking , indoor air pollution may be more harmful than the air outside because man - made building materials give dangerous gases	'indoor air pollution can often make people seriously ill
Grandma ordered only one bowl of beef soup because Grandma loved grandson	"'Grandma only liked radish', ""Grandma did n't like beef soup"
Why was the author surprised at the beginning of the story ? Because could n't find station map .	'Because he suddenly saw an underground railway station .
What can we infer from the text ? Memorizing poems pave    way writing poems .	'Varying the original sounds can damage the beauty of poetry .
Based on the report , which of the following statements is NOT correct ?     LED lighting energy - saving device n't use electricity	'Marina Bay Sands is a commercial town located in Singapore
Which of the following serves as the evidence that man is changing ? Man growing taller past 500 years .	"""Man 's hair is getting thinner and thinner ."
"In American English "" wash up "" means wash hands face"	'wash cups 
Some children want to be writers write stories books people read	'because they want to be good readers
What do the professor 's words mean ? Smoking really dangerous . It may even cause death .	"""It 's only a joke to put a cigarette into a skeleton 's mouth ."
The purpose of the contest is to celebrate national fishing - related activity	'encourage people to take more pictures
Which of the following statements is NOT correct ? The scientists discovered birds attracted fire .	'The ancient Egyptians worshiped the phoenix .
The news mainly tells its readers that China intends conduct spacewalk first time	'China plans to launch her third manned space flight
Which statement is correct according to the passage ? Learning culture first must go educational trips .	'Educational trips always cover long distances .
People were afraid comets could hit earth	'comets are different from planets
According to Tingfan Wu ,     kind robot soon improved .	'other groups will create better robots soon .
The article is mainly about new study fake smiling influence people	'the importance of smiling during face - to - face contact
What did the man do during the contest ? He cleared pile stones .	'He complained as the other people had .
When she opens her mouth , the fox gets piece meat	"""eats the crow 's baby"
Why did more than 300 people enjoy porridge made from genetically modified food ? To rid public fears worries safety GM foods .	'To show evidence that GM products are dangerous .
Which of the following is the best title of this passage ? Should tourists go Antarctica ' ?	"""Why ca n't tourists go to Antarctica ?"
What can we learn from the text ? Most children like reading well going online .	"""Children do n't like reading any more after the age of 8 ."
Who is this speech probably given to ? Students going college US .	'Students who are going to graduate from colleges .
Which of the following most probably makes high school athletes stressed ? Struggling satisfy high expectations	'Increasing number of high school athletes
One of the tasks of Mars Orbit Express is taking pictures Mars	'studying the weight of Mars
From the passage , it can be learned that to get a job , one should absolutely avoid looking without clear target	'having as many interviews as possible
What can we learn about Laurel Conran from the passage ? She often goes refugees ' company teach English .	'She mainly teaches English to the local children in a school .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The Bestival held every September US .	'The Bestival lasts for four days .
Which of the following statements is true ? You dress according business setting even fixed rules .	"'Every company has strict rules regarding office dress .', ""You can wear whatever you like if your company does n't have high standards for it ."
The writer uses the five questions at the beginning of the passage to draw readers ' attention topic	'tell the story about Isabelle Dinoire
Which of the following sentences is true according to the passage ? The writer likes take train takes little time .	'The writer likes travelling by plane .
The Call for Contributions is intended to collect proposals Forum IUCN Congress	'invite more people to participate in workshops
According to Dr. Mendel , which statement is true ? Emotional state works sometimes humans make decision .	'Like humans 
Which of the following sentences is TRUE according to the passage ? The Sun Yat - sen Memorial Hall built memorize Dr Sun Yat - sen .	'There are thousands of bronze figures of warriors and horses in the Qin Shihuang Tomb .
What will most probably be talked about next ? Note - taking class .	'An easy way to take notes .
What can computers help children to do ? To think clearly , get information use well .	'To think clearly 
What did Edeen say about recycled urine and the recycling system ? It takes longer time earth make water urine space .	'The taste of recycled urine is not as good as that of common water .
Which of the following is NOT true . Tens thousands students killed Ya'an .	'The earthquake also influenced some other cities .
Nowadays , before buying something , people usually read reviews Internet .	'surf famous review sites .
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to passage ? When person taken poison , must make sick .	'First aid means to give an injured person the help at once before the doctor comes .
Pitt took off the frame in order to use wife 's photograph	'clean the painting to put it up for sale
Why did the doctor not listen to the man ? He thought knew man 's problem .	'The postman spoke to him like a doctor .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Local people get bikes special docking stations .	'The government provides a bike for each family .
Which of the following is TRUE ? You sign real name want find old friends Facebook .	'It takes you a long time to find old friends on Facebook .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? She Oscar Award .	'After she entered Harvard University 
Why did the man start to sing ? Because manager asked sing request customer .	'Because the bar manager said he liked his song .
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? The 2010 Shanghai World Expo expected last half year .	'The disabled people will be forbidden to enter the Expo Site .
Which of the following is not true ? Agatha n't care earrings expensive	'Agatha pretended not to care for her earrings
Which of the following describes the way taken by sound waves through a Cuvier 's beaked whale ? The jaw - throat - hole back jaw - ears .	'A hole in the back of the jaw - the ears - the jaw - the throat .
The most important event of the year in high schools and colleges is Home - coming Day	'the football game
The passage is mainly about Claressa 's promising boxing career	"'a valuable competition of Claressa', ""the background of Claressa 's career"
The writer could n't open the door because      something else lock	"""she did n't have the right key"
Which is the best title for the passage ? X - ray Detectives	'Forgery Studies
The passage mainly tells us that hot weather big problem Olympic athletes	'why it is very hot in Athens
In fact the young man     n't understand doctor 's suggestion	'was not able to count numbers
Which of the following can be the best title ? Transferable skills use healthcare	'A second career in healthcare
When there is a heavy rain , trees can help to prevent floods , as they can     cause soil allow rainwater sink	'keep rain from falling down to soft ground
What can we learn about the UK universities from the text ? There many quality gaps UK universities .	'The UK produced the most work - ready graduates this year .
What is the main idea of the text ? Weekends vital diets .	'The proper way to lose weight .
What is the passage mainly about ? A big fire Fort McMurray Canada .	'The people in Fort McMurray of Canada .
The Driving Offence Points system helps improve driving standards	'are points earned because of dangerous driving
What 's one of the reasons that singers become national stars ? Their CDs tapes used every state .	'Several young people buy their CDs or tapes .
Which of the following statements is right ? Oshima knows Saeki well enough understand .	'Oshima knows every detail about Saeki .
What can we learn from the passage ? Mr Jackson wasted save money .	"'Mr Jackson was very rich ', '', ""Mr Jackson paid for his two sons ' tickets in the end ."
Why did the Cat give the man a slightly annoyed look ? Because man n't sad concerned .	"""Because the man 's tears made the Cat really anxious ."
The writer wrote the passage mainly to tell us lazy Susan origin	'discuss how the lazy Susan was named
Which statement   is right ? We ca n't judge man clothes .	'A person in good clothes should eat good food .
According to the author , the teacher should responsible well - organized class	'free students from outside pressures
What can we learn from the passage ? We never play tricks    others .	"'Mr Stilwell was so bad to hit the boy .', ""Mr Stilwell was the boy 's father ."
The money paid as dog taxes is used to provide medical care dogs	'keep a high level of care for the people
Which following is NOT true ? Mr. White lost way home .	'Mr. White was very healthy .
What 's the main idea of this passage ? It gives suggestions learning English modern ways	'It introduces some websites of learning English
According to the passage , identical twins genetically	'one in 70 twins are genetically identical
People found that cooked food tasted better uncooked food	'wild animals enjoyed fire very much
According to the passage , in American 're invited dinner , 'd better bring presents .	"""if you 're invited to a family as a guest "
What does the author mainly want to say ? Your second - choice college may actually best fit .	'You should consider comfort in your choice of schools .
From the story we can guess that Joseph friends class	'Joseph joined in many out - of - class activities
"The "" Faces of Distracted Driving "" video campaign aims to make public aware terrible results distracted driving"	'find out the real drivers who caused the accidents
"The best title should be ""   A woman hiker saved life 50-pound bull dog"	'A woman hiker carried a bull dog down the mountain
The writer mentions the fall of Athens in order to introduce seriousness typhoid	'show the unknown history of Athens
What is the best title for the passage ? The Important Things In Life	'Take Care of the Rocks
The author 's mother was shocked into silence because    Agins charged little money purse	'the author bought a card to go with the purse
Many students are transferring to public schools mainly because cost public schools lower save money	'public schools provide better education
It can be concluded from the passage that humans chimpanzees choose playthings due sex difference	'different factors cause humans and chimpanzees to choose different playthings
What can we learn about the micro - credit system ? MFIs offer poor families small loans charge much interest .	"""Whoever ca n't afford daily necessities have access to the loan ."
What is the advantage of the educational system in North America ? Learning think	'Learning much less math and science
According to the passage , the following are wrong EXCEPT that clinking glasses , rim younger person lower older person	"""you do n't have to accept the food a Chinese host places on your plate"
What does the writer mainly want to tell readers in this passage ? The entire nation making effort fight drought .	"""It 's important to save water in our everyday life ."
Which of the following is NOT true about Hotel de Glace ? It lies Arctic .	'Every guest is provided with sleeping bags .
What is the main idea of the article ? Let mother know much love .	'Buy roses for mother when she is ill .
Katharine Graham is considered powerful because charge The Washington Post	'she had the most important newspaper
Which of the statements are not true ? The young man taught wizard spells .	'The boy changed a lot after the young man gave him the paper .
Why do black teachers tend to be more effective with black students ? The reasons far clear definite .	'Students fell secure 
If you want to have a good memory , make self - effort practice exercise	'you should force yourself to remember things
The increased French productivity tends to confirm advantages slow economics	'throw doubt on slow economics
Before Jackie Robinson , no African - American players could play Major League	'play baseball
What would be the best title for the passage ? Trees Are More Awesome Thart You Think	'Young Trees Are In Need Of Protection
The name of the story should be Just One Boys	'George Is Lonely
What was so extraordinary about the expedition ? It new experience women .	'The women did not have any men with them .
The British pubs are allowed to stay open after 11p.m.to help reduce social problems	'urge customers to drink quickly
From the passage we know that Titanic sent many telegrams night	'the rockets were fired from the mystery ship
We can infer from the passage that microblogging developed quickly brought owners benefits .	"'microbloggers always post about the thematic topics instead of the simple ones', ""microblogging protects both the owners ' and the readers ' privacy"
In the old economy , people can do the following things EXCEPT shopping online	'getting information from books
We can infer from the passage that the author will continue to explain need n't say words reading meaning	'discuss in detail how to read aloud
Before Regis and other villagers moved to the new place , easy find water	'Regis had never heard of hippos
According to the text , dark matter may help us identify origins universe	'could accelerate the speed of stars
Which is the best title for the passage ? Early HIV Treatment Saves Lives	"'HIV Has Spread in Poorer Countries', ""Rochelle Walensky 's Life"
"According to the passage , what will happen if the users of the "" Moments "" function on WeChat sell products in a dishonest way to their friends ? The friendship friends come end ."	"""They 'll make more friends ."
What would be the best title for the passage ? New wildlife ringtones released website	'Ringtones are popular with cellphone users
The passage mainly talks about differences five IP fims	"""foundation of China 's five IP firms"
When and how did Benin get its two names -- Benin and Dahomey ? Benin oldest name . The name Dahomey used later , replaced Benin .	'Dahomey was its oldest name 
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Why watching TV reading books make people sleepy .	'The bad results o f getting too little sleep .
What did Mrs . Thompson do on the first day of school ? She told class something untrue .	'She made Teddy feel ashamed
What is the passage mainly about ? Sports gaining importance advertising television	'Television viewers are determined by male viewers
Who has been to space twice ? Nie Haisheng	'Zhang Xiaoguang
Armstrong was called Pops because he musician much influence	'looked like a musician
62 % of the participants believe that today 's kids are kind kids past	'born to be kind
Cleaner rainwater will mean cleaner lake	'more boats on the lake
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Traveling enriches mind .	'Different kinds of traveling .
Which is another title suitable of the passage ? The Body Temperature Should Always Be Same	'The Body Temperature
What can we learn from the passage ? Most Americans take salt advised .	"'African women eat more salt than Americans .', ""One 's origin determines how much salt he can eat ."
""" Earth Hour""is held in the world every year in order to call people use less energy much possible"	'ask people to generate more energy for daily use
What will robots do when people are not at home ? Robots look children .	'Robots will do housework with the children .
What would be the best title of the text ? Job personality test	'Personality and job success
What special things can you see on a road in Shijiazhuang now ? Paintings tree holes .	'Some colourful trees .
The writer smiled while reading the patient message because he knew patient unreasonable	'Mrs. Jones would ask for more tests
Which of the following is NOT true according to the article ? The story happened Los Angeles morning .	"'Police say "" Freeze "" when they are going to use their guns ."
A young expert of food safety think the government should take food shop supermarket check	'make some strong rules to manage the companies .
A good title for the passage would be A NEW HEAT RECOVERY SYSTEM IN PITTSBURGH	"""MODERN BUILDING 'S HEAT SYSTEM"
Which of following is not TRUE according to the passage ? Flying rubbish space goes slowly	'Spacesuits can keep astronauts warm
Recently many Americans question value receiving college education	'the ability of college graduates
One possible way to stop procrastination is to overcome mentally	'avoid the pain
Why are people in the US afraid to spend ? Because worry future	"""Because they do n't have the habit of spending money"
From the passage , we can infer that Tara said n't Korea n't want Rose Jenny speak Korean following days	'Tara said she was from Korea because she knew the student in her group was also from Korea
What can we infer from what Christine Hoffman said ? The young man persuaded Christine Hoffman decided live	'The young man felt sad for Christine Hoffman because of her poor experience
What is the main idea of this passage ? MSF offers medical help people suffered disasters .	'Chris is a doctor who has organized programs to help people .
What will probably happen next ? The brothers ca n't agree pet get .	'The brothers will both want a pet to play sports with .
"What can you get from the passage ? Keep mind letter "" B """	'The younger 
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the text ? Cars help city families transport children faraway schools .	'Cars have encouraged the growth of the cities .
The reason to start the job clubs is that they can offer useful suggestions job hunters	'attract many people with various topics
What can be inferred from the passage ? Jacqueline 's views beliefs reflected books edited	"""Jacqueline 's two marriages lasted more than 20 years"
What happens in High School Musical 2 , according to the passage ? Sharpay tries break Troy Gabriella .	'Troy and Gabriella audition for a school musical .
The reason why the taxi driver just smiled and waved at the guy is that taxi driver n't want mood ruined	"'the black car was full of garbage', ""the driver of the black car did n't cause any damage to the taxi"
Processed foods will probably lead obesity	"""stop body 's metabolism"
The Catagen period is a period that hair growth begins slow	'the hairs start to fall out
After reading this passage , we can see that Adrianshould left bag clerk	"""it was not the female employee 's duty to yell at him"
Many Arabic parents prefer their children to speak English because believe 's advantage future careers	"""English is the world 's business language"
According to the passage , H. A. G. is a good kind of coffee , because caffeine bad effect	'it can help people to have a good sleep
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Tsien Hsue -- shen married Jiang Ying , daughter Chinese nationalist leader Chiang Kai - shen .	"""Tsien Hsue -- shen got a doctor 's degree in 1939 ."
This passage is mainly about brief introduction Steve Jobs	'the inventions of Steve Jobs
What is the passage mainly about ? A survey nicknames places .	'Some stories about nicknames for places .
Which of the following is NOT a result of drinking alcohol before going outdoors ? The risk hypothermia reduced	'Feeling warm at first
The TV - Turnoff Network started TV Turnoff Week to get people spend time productive things	'to keep kids from participating in healthy physical activities
What 's the topic of this passage ? My favorite holiday .	'Holidays in the world .
In fact , Japanese education needs put lot importance speaking	'all the Japanese people hate English
Why were the author 's family especially busy when they got off the plane ? Because sign forms enter France properly .	'Because they looked for their luggage .
We can learn from the passage that God help people trouble	'we are always the guide horse
Which of the following could be the best title of this passage ? Why Ca n't Teachers Set Us Fun Books ?	"""I Do n't Like Readingon the Vacation"
We can learn from the text that Fabien 's Mission 31 broke records former ocean explorations	"""Fabien 's TV program about sharks is based on his childhood experiences"
Sequoyah learned to sign his work help one customers	'when he moved to a Cherokee Nation
Why does the writer say mistakes can be useful ? Because mature facing learning mistakes .	'Because you can get some growing pains .
What does the writer imply about parents ? They might think kitchen robots could dangerous .	"'They have shown tremendous interest in kitchen robots .', ""They do n't have strong opinions about kitchen robots ."
Why does the author think moving schools difficult ? You used old environment .	"""Your teachers do n't want you to change school ."
Which of the following is a fact ? St. Louis higher level    homeownership Los Angeles .	"'People in Los Angeles earn high    incomes because of its low homeownership rate .', ""New York 's low homeownership rate    increases people 's happiness levels ."
According to the passage , Barefoot Traveler makes luxury holiday based consumers'needs desires	'has over 25 scuba diving liveaboard beats
Sheats suggests when being pressured to do something awful , we teens should make decisions morals	'ask our peers for help
Some students are often late for school because get late	'their homes are far from the school
What can be the best title of the story ? Joe 's football boots	"""Joe 's football"
The story is about Liu Qian 's experiences becoming great magician	'why people love magic
According to the passage , the following are true EXCEPT that 'd hide copies documents safety place one find	'you should try to make a good study of medical insurance policy
What is the main idea of this passage ? Blended learning effective learning approach .	'More and more people will use Internet - based learning materials 
What is the tour route of the East Line from Chengdu to Jiuzhaigou according to the passage ? Chengdu - Mianyang - Jiangyou - Pingwu - Huanglong - Chuanzhusi - Jiuzhaigou	'Chengdu - Mianyang - Jiangyou - Huanglong - Pingwu - Chuanzhusi - Jiuzhaigou
Which of the following is intended for the Chinese learners ? Language use .	'La Nuit Francaise .
Why did n't bosses give their Staff enough praise and encouragement ? The passage n't mention	'Most bosses feel it unnecessary
What is the most serious limitation on Laos ' economic growth ? The lack local skilled workers .	'Too much foreign aid .
It can be inferred from the passage that slang words created people daily life	'if you speak English very well 
One of the concepts on which Frito - Lay bases its development strategy is that products suiting Chinese consumers ' needs bring profits	'consumers worldwide today are attracted by global brands
The Fort Wayne mayor officially proclaimed Amy Jo Hagadorn Day call public treat everyone properly	'to encourage people to carry their heads high
How different is an apprentice from a journeyman ? An apprentice less practical experience .	"'An apprentice has more theoretical skills .', ""An apprentice need n't pay for school ."
Which of the following is NOT a reason why people kill sharks ? People kill sharks often attack swimmers .	'People kill sharks for food .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Minions eager take whatever task despicable master gives .	"'HitFix explains that Minions gained popularity by striking a chord with humans .', ""While Minions ca n't be understood sometimes "
The most important feature   of the celebration of carnival in Bolivia is that nearly people wet	'people join in dancing
Which would be the best title for this story ? A Magic Chair	"'A Kind Grandpa', ""Mario 's True Friends"
According the passage , which of the following is TRUE workers little read often read magazine	'the workers enjoy reading very much 
"When the writer first heard "" You do n't say ! "" he thought Englishman interested English studies"	'The Englishman was only interested in the Great Wall
When Ballard worked at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute , he thought ideas predict underwater volcanoes	'explored the undersea world by ship
What is the main topic of this passage ? By raft land -- iguanas reach tiny Pacific islands ?	'The life span of animals living on the ancient supercontinent .
The main purpose of the passage is to tell us social economic changes affect eating habits	'Raymond Kroc is the most successful fast - food business owner in the world
Which of the following came last ? Gmeiner built first SOS Children 's Village	'People gave Gmeiner some money .
The kids should do the following EXCEPT going formal dinner underwear	'helping parents to serve the guests
What is the passage mainly about ? Douglas - Hamilton 's devotion protecting elephants .	"""Douglas - Hamilton 's winning the Indianapolis Prize ."
What is the main idea of the article ? To introduce food differences America China .	'To tell about the American foods that she likes and dislikes .
Marley was driven out of the dog training school because he made difficult dogs get trained	"""did n't like to learn skills that did n't belong to dogs"
At the end of the passage above , Mr. Jaggers says he also has money to give Joe because Joe hire new worker	'he believes he can also help Joe become a gentleman
We can conclude from the passage that 's important make children aware matter want , must pay work	"""it 's wrong to ask children to choose apples when they are not old enough"
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text ? You 'll work UK least two months attend program .	'European Work Experience Program Was set up in the 19th century .
In order to make students gain high marks in the coming examination , teachers have to fill students ' heads much information	"'teach their students to study freely', ""develop their students ' ability"
We can infer from the text that Norway meant build storage centre 20 years	'People will get newly - developed seeds from the center every year
Operation Mend was founded after Ron Katz saw TV programme veteran	'Neidorf donated part of his birthday money
The best title for the passage would be Unique Problems International Trade	'How to Succeed in International Trade
Which of the following sentences is true ? John gave $ 100 000 charity helped poor children .	'John lives a rich life .
What is the author 's purpose in writing the text ? To attract visitors museums .	'To act as an introduction to the history of Germany .
We can conclude from the passage that British students well - behaved enough	"""the British Government has n't fully realized the problems with British students"
The passage mainly talks about ways cultivate happiness	'strengths and happiness
According to the passage , which of the following is WRONG ? People get cheaper goods traditional business .	'Traditional business can provide valuable ser- vices to customers .
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? The stronger earthquake , people killed .	"'Earthquakes often come unexpectedly .', 'Earthquakes can cause fires .', ""People still do n't know how to tell when an earthquake will come ."
It is known from the passage that      two ways contact Intex Recreation	'Intex Recreation only produces outdoor toys
Which of the following has little relationship to Sweetest Day ? Giving flowers sweethearts .	'Visiting sick people of the hospital .
In the opinion of the critics , the law wo n't succeed because fashion industry much influential	"""it does n't provide a proper approach that can work well"
What is the passage mainly about ? Charity work Chinese artists .	'Chinese charity work .
People first learned Finland 's success in education from students ' performance international exam .	'lectures given by Pasi Sahlberg .
In fact , Harry n't believe	"'Harry wanted his mother to buy shoes for him', ""Harry would n't listen to his mother"
The writer did n't like staying in the farm for the following reasons EXCEPT that could sing one song small farm	'The place was rustic 
Why did the woman say Chihuahuas are a kind of fox ? They partly features foxes appearance .	'They are a breed of the special fox .
According to the passage , children in Hong Kong commit suicide at an alarming rate as a result of inability dealing relationships	'parents not understanding their children
Which one is the correct statement from this passage ? People jailbreak order lift restrictions applications licensed Iphone Cooperation .	'The original mobile phones also require jailbreaking
Which of the following statements is true ? Canada nearly 10 million sq . km . So second largest country earth .	'U.S.A is the second largest country in the world .
The best title of the passage is How Can Children Be Trusted Again	'Parents Should Respect Children
Which in the following will the author probably agree ? Ecological economists ' concerns world worth noticing .	'GDP and GPI should be both accepted by mainstream economists
For what purpose was the TV firelog created ? To give people working company days Christmas .	'To attract more people to watch their programs .
"What does the speaker mean when he says "" In a sense , winning the World Cup put Argentina on the map "" ? Winning World Cup gives weight Argentina 's position world ."	'Winning the World Cup makes Argentina a football power in the world .
Why did the young man stop playing jokes on the servant ? Because servant showed kind nice behaviour	'Because the servant told him the truth
According to the passage , taking in enough vitamin C can make bones teeth strong	'help to stop bleeding
Companies are hiring more foreign employees because difficulty finding qualified personnel home	'they want to expand their business beyond home borders
Which statement below is tree according to the passage ? Wang Meng missed Olympics injury .	"""Li Jianrou won China 's first gold medal at Winter Olympics ."
When do many schools take students to visit their new high school ? At end eighth grade year	'Before the eighth grade year starts .
According to Google Company , which of the following statements about Google Glass is NOT true ? People take photos without eyeing objects .	'Google Glass is an immature product .
Why does the author say that the electronic economy may have a destructive impact on developing countries ? Because enables developed countries control international market .	'Because it destroys the economic balance of the poor countries .
What 's the best title for the passage ? The bike revolution London .	'The people in London .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? The whole nation best help rebuild new homeland .	'Yushu 
Why did the author grab the cheese bread when he got off ? He valued kindness pride .	"""He did n't want to see the cheese bread to go to taste ."
The main idea of the passage is     n't judge person 's cleverness appearance	"""do n't judge a book by its cover"
What would be the best title for the text ? Increase Your Brain Power Writing	'A Way on How to Write
Before 1930 , people went Loch Ness Lake	'many people had been there
.Under inflation people are likely to spend money quickly rather save	'save more money since their incomes rise
Alice balls	"""does n't like sports"
Only human beings are able to express feelings words	'tell others how they feel
What are the teachers doing ? Working talking students .	'Playing with the students .
This year the writer ' s roses were . largely hidden tomato plant	'removed from the rose bed
Harli 's Marble Company became popular as soon as he launched it because filled gap online marble trade	"'it was run by "" the world \'s youngest CEO """
Which of the following is TRUE about the Winners Club ? Services convenient   members .	'The bank opens only on work days .
The United Nations declare November 10 Malala Day because Malala advocated right children 's education	"""November 10 is Malala 's birthday"
Which is TRUE according to the passage ? The accumulating strain fault certain level results earthquake .	'There were four magnitude 6 earthquakes in the San Francisco Bay region between1979 and1989 .
.What does the passage mainly tell us ? Cob mixture good bad luck .	"""Riding bicycle is Cob 's favourite ."
The author wrote the text to praise school quick action	'thank the bus driver for his kindness
What should be done to shelter your wireless network ? To switch broadcasting router settings	'To build a firewall into your router .
From the information in this article , which of the following is TRUE ? Experience makes difference among drivers .	'Older drivers are better informed than younger drivers .
How was the first permanent picture made ? By using special piece metal sensitized silver salt .	'By placing common salt on a special piece of metal to catch light .
What was the cause of the disagreement between the two brothers ? A problem farm animal .	'Who owned the field between the farms .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Women show dissatisfaction men unfairly treated .	'Only monkeys and humans can have the sense of fairness in the world .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Atkins friends made great effort look Benierman .	'Benjerman was sent back immediately after Atkins put up the notices .
Why did Ibrahim 's parents prefer Ibrahim to stay at home ? They afraid students would make fun .	'They had no money to pay for his tuition .
People sprinkle water during the Songkran Festival , because they believe bring good luck	'have too much water in their country
Why does the author think good sportsmanship is really important ? It 's know stay cool	"""It 's all part of sports ."
According to the article , which of the following is TRUE ? Long - term memory usually involves important things .	'Memory is the most important ability for human beings .
We can learn from the text that        Daffodil Garden run one woman	'it is the first time that they have seen the daffodils
What is the most likely effect on the child who is the favored one in a family according to Professor Scott ? He likely find life difficult face real world .	'He is likely to develop low self - esteem 
What would be the best title for the text ? Good Health Advice -- take Stairs	'How to Prevent Heart Disease -- What Do Doctors Say ?
Which of the following is true to the text ? Mr Smith fishing caught small fish .	"'Mr Green caught some big fish and wanted to give some to Mr Smith .', ""Mr Smith did n't catch any small fish ."
The electricity made by the Plant Lamp comes from plant waste	"'plant food', ""the soil 's heat"
What is the scandal ? Horsemeat found burgers sold Tesco .	"""Tesco 's products were much more expensive than they are supposed to be ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? Sticky sweets damaging teeth	'Eating garlic is good for our eyes
The passage mainly tells us kinds friends	'how to make friends
Which sentence best summarizes the whole text ? Cheating explained excused .	'Technology has made cheating easier .
From the passage we can infer British economy gets worse	'more people lose their jobs
Judging from the passage , we may conclude church songs helped development singing	"'Elvis forgot his church music at a later age', ""Elvis did n't get any help from his parents in singing"
Which of the following is TRUE about grandparents ? About three fifths communicate grandchildren least week .	'Most of them have grandchildren of a different race .
"We can infer that the mainstream culture may develop faster challenging "" Shanzhai "" culture"	"'will be held back by "" Shanzhai "" culture"
"At the end of the story , the writer said , "" How easy it is to crush the weak in this world!""to show sympathy mental state exploited"	"""his understanding of Julia 's anxiety"
We can know all the following from the text EXCEPT that Churchill led army fight bravely defeated enemy World War I	'Churchill gave up as Prime Minister in 1955
What 's in the tree ? A black bird .	'A big black bird .
According to this passage , which of the following is true ? When state sub - health , find reasons relax .	'When you are in a state of sub - health 
Why did Yam become a chemist ? She amazed universe , nature color1 childhood .	'When she was young 
Which of the following is NOT true about the race in the jungle ? Most animals could run fast swim fast .	"""Smily sat on Shiny 's back when Shiny bagan to run ."
Which of the following is suggested in the passage ? You 'd better keep touch coworkers resignation .	"""You can resign without hesitation if you do n't like your job ."
What can we learn about Walk in My Closet from the passage ? It combines shopping organizing closet .	'It is a simple and userfriendly app .
Judging from the article , we can know that Pet owners devoted dog	'there were no dogs in Beijing before 2003
The musicians ' words at the beginning are written mainly to show people different attitudes towards thing	'people have poor taste in music
"What 's the main idea of the passage ? "" Facebook generation gap ""-- Facebook generation 1,000 friends"	'Social networking activity
The studies conducted by Dr. Mann indicate that creativity results from range daydreaming	'creative tasks
According to the passage , for what purpose did Belyaev create the Lampbrella ? To protect people rain .	"""To know when there 'll be a heavy rain ."
Telecoms Sans Frontiers is charity group France	'a mobile phone company from France
Summer Science Class 's courses are cooperated several organizations	'only about science subjects
What was the most important decision Jake made for his safety ? To build hole snow keep warm .	'To search for the ski that he had lost in the snow .
What can we learn about Butterfly Valley ? It 's successful model natural reserves protect butterflies .	"""It 's a preservation area with convenient transportation ."
Who should be responsible for ( ...... ) the boy 's death The boy 's father .	'Dr. Eyck .
In Farnoosh Torabi 's opinion , the rise in stay - at - home dads results from rise women 's economic status	'the ever - increasing cost of raising children
It can be learned from the text that Douthett 's wife felt something disease	"""Douthett 's wife was a doctor"
If you ride a bike in Great Britain , you must ride left side road	'on the right side of the road
The passage is mainly about introduction Martin Luther King	'the fight for civil right
According to the author , which should you improve first among the four skills ? Reading listening .	'Reading and writing .
Why did Jodie 's father take her to his workplace ? To help Jodie learn job .	'To make Jodie calm down .
Which of the following statements about Been 's research is TRUE ? It supposed prove effect smoking bans public places health .	'It also proves smoking bans lead to falls of heart attack and stroke .
It can be inferred from the passage that the effect of income transfers is often not felt by low - paid , part - time job	'children in single - earner families
Why did Nathan give up his job as a lawyer ? Because decided become artist toy bricks .	'Because he wanted to make toys for the children .
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? The doctor thankful get money .	'It was so late that there were no taxis for the man to take at that time .
According to the passage , what is the main cause of oil pollution ? Oil waste water industrial waste .	'Oil ships which meet and strike each other .
If the mother seldom responds to her child 's signals , child make little effort speak	'the child will be able to speak properly
.When the experiment was conducted , the researchers compared four groups control groups	'trained the four groups for the same period of time
The author used to be in the habit of changing channels frequently watching TV	'watching her favorite TV programs with her kids
Which of the following is WRONG ? People different places always give directions way : They use street names .	"""Travelers can learn about people 's customs by asking questions about directions ."
What surprised audiences during the opening weekend of the London Olympic Games ? Ryan Lochte defeated Michael Phelps gold medal .	"'Michael Phelps took second place in teh 400-meter individual medley .', ""Ye Shiwen swam faster then men 's gold mdalist throughout the final ."
We can conclude from the article that simulator served purpose well	'students at some schools performed better with the simulator than kids at other schools
Last Christmas the writer had a miserable time because far away family friends	'there were more customers than usual waiting to be helped
Which of the following could be the best title for the passage ? Fewer screens , play outdoors	'A newly formed Wild Network
What is the best title of the passage ? We shape character .	'Character determines our fate .
The best topic of the above passage might be UN , Efforts Help Needy Countries	'UN 
. What did Bower use in his experiments ? A screen & train	'A chair & a screen
The first step in starting the Library of Congress was buying books England	"""buying Thomas Jefferson 's books"
According to the author , you 'd better cool express anger .	'never be angry
"You can put "" They "" at the beginning of the sentence     "" _ , "" finally gasped , "" exactly size . """	"'"" _   might get called off "
What can be inferred from the passage ? Luo Jing strong .	'Luo Jing was modest .
What can we infer about the Rain Vortex ? Its design great success environmentally .	'It will produce water to irrigate plants .
Why do some parents argue with their kids ? Their kids n't agree answers .	"""Their kids do n't finish homework on time ."
What is the author 's purpose of writing the passage ? To show argument nuclear supporters protesters .	'To highlight the danger of using nuclear energy .
What is Goodall doing now ? Raising funds preservation wildlife .	'Studying animal behavior at Cambridge University .
Which of the following is a suitable title for the passage ? Memory Reduction	'The Mysterious Brain
By looking after his father , the writer got a chance to get close father	'show people that he loved his father
In Scott 's opinion 's necessary school library	'there are many learning places better than a library
The cast of Robots is made up of all the following actors or actresses EXCEPT Britney Spears	'Robin Williams
According to the passage , an important step   leading to the correct use of vocabulary is knowing correct pronunciation meaning words used	'extending    the list of the active words
Which of the following is true for women nowadays ? Being single seen positive factor .	'They are becoming less travel confident .
We can infer from the experiment at the Be Another lab that feelings related bodily experience	"""we can learn to take control of other people 's bodies"
True friendships are hard to achieve because friendships need lots energy patience	'friendships can help you through difficult times [ ]
From Ms Dahlstrom 's words , we can infer that content family , relatives society	'she is thankful for her effort in the election and her family
What can be inferred from the text about Color TV ? The Swedish People n't watch color TVs 1970 .	'The Swedish People began to watch color TVs in 1962 .
Which story is more well - received by young girls ? The Girl Who Believed In Fairys	"'Trevor The Taxi', ""Faffenburger 's Odyssey"
The Chinese national flower has not been decided yet , because people ca n't agree choose flower .	"""no flower can show China 's spirit"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The woman daughters unable get car .	'The woman 
What can we learn from the passage ? FLAX ART HOSPITAL PUZZLE AND PLAY SET special design safety .	'TINY LOVE ACTIVITY BALL needs power to order to play .
Why could n't the butterfly fly ?   Because got cocoon without struggle	'nobody had taught it to fly
According to the author , what makes a house a home ? Feelings warmth comfort .	'All the belongings in the house .
How did Angela Thompson deal with her friendship when it went wrong ? She left .	'She ended it face to face .
After he retired , Fulton lived peaceful pleasant life	'often regretted losing his wallet
What does the passage say about autism ?     Autism prevents people interacting socially communicating openly	'Genetic mutations inside a person cause autism
We can know from Alice 's words that Tom told signs meant leaving	'Alice was clever and could guess the meaning of the signs
What does the author want to tell us in this passage ? Even without college education , one still achieve success one 's hard work .	"'Successful people often have unordinary life experience .', ""College education is not so important to one 's success ."
It can be inferred from the passage that people something protect polar bears	'the polar bear is an endangered species at present
Which is NOT mentioned in the passage ? You sleep well exam .	"""Good students do n't wait until the week before an exam ."
The best title of this passage is Think search online	'How to use the Internet
The example of Carmen Arace Middle School in the passage is used to tell laptops help improve students ' school performance	'show the problems schools are faced with today
A recent study of pubic opinion shows that in modern Britain people regard socially different	'it is time to end class distinction
What 's the researchers ' conclusion about their findings ? Elephants n't stay order traveling groups .	'Male elephants have no interest in other family members .
David Smith wears casual clothes now , because make feel ease working	'he can not afford to buy expensive clothes
From this passage we know parents can help their children improve reading writing skills	'listening and writing skills
Why did Jack say he needed some time to spend with his son ? He came realize importance time family .	'He had missed his son and his family for days .
From the passage , we can infer that tree finally cut father day	'Mother showed little interest in the cherry tree
Many people move to Haldersham because good environment	'it is not far away from big cities
According to the passage , which of the following statements is correct ? Eating breakfast lunch affect children 's ability focus .	'Having breakfast and lunch has a greater impact on concentration than having exercise .
What did the rich boy buy one day ? A magic mirror .	'A normal mirror .
Why might the author have written this text ? To encourage people cut processed food .	'To tell people what a healthy diet actually is .
"Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? A "" rebellious daughter "" lead Harvard"	"""A lesson from Harvard 's new president"
James chose to retire in order to spare time energy help others	'find a better job to increase his income
Which of the following is true about vitamin D according to the passage ? It needed us keep fit .	'It is a kind of artificial chemical .
What is the name of the cat ? Mimi	'Tina
Of all the following , which is the best title for the passage ? Distracted Driving --Let 's Avoid !	'Car Crashes --the Top Killer .
"Why did the author think he might have to "" eat his words "" ? He might mistaken unable sell house ."	'He felt sorry for the bats .
According to the passage , long deep cut often n't need professional attention	'a finger cut without treatment can lead to permanent damage
What is TRUE about the earthquake according to the passage ? It caused yet another natural disaster .	'It killed 24 
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Stanely read job offer newspaper .	'Stanley joined the French army when he was 18 years old .
Which is NOT right ? Few people die traffic accidents Great Britain	'Before crossing the road 
To be away from worries , which point is NOT mentioned in the article ? Going psychologist help .	'Finding time to do the favorite things .
The clever man jumped out with backpack climber 's	'parachute
Which of the following is True ? The Country mouse poorer happier life City mouse .	'The two mice lived together .
We can know from the passage that boy proved good player .	"'the father never showed his love to his son .', ""the coach did n't like the boy ."
The author was surprised because quilt looked strange	'her grandmother liked the quilt
"Why do some people invent the word "" employage "" ? Because matchmaking firm pays attention money status"	'mothers are more worried about their daughters in marriage
We can learn from the passage that All	'friends should share ideas and opinions
The author 's purpose of writing this text is to give people tips searching jobs	'suggest graduates should find suitable jobs
What will we have if we get a flu ? Body hurts , fever , headache	'A headache 
What would be the best title for the passage ? The day father cried .	'My great father .
From this passage , you can conclude that Louis Braille would n't developed alphabet blind .	'all blind people can read Braille .
Which of the following statements is NOT in favor of McDonald 's ? It hires new workers constantly .	'It promotes the best employees 
Which of the following sentences is true ? Kim sat front man asked leave .	"'The man knew Kim wanted to go out for a walk .', ""Kim does n't like walking with my friend ."
The most suitable title for this passage would be Waste Disposal Problem	'Places for Disposing Waste
The most suitable title of the passage is    Jennifer Lawrence takes lead	'Silver Linings Playbook 
What is the passage mainly about ? Some tips improving overall conversation skills .	'Small talk 
If you do well in lab classes , you are probably Tactile Learner	'a Visual Learner
When people compete against each other and will do any thing to get what they want , we use      dog - eat - dog world	"""1ead a dog 's life"
An employee may have a feeling of fear in the work place when forced things	'be can not work at his best
We can guess that in the early times , people upper class celebrated birthdays	'only grown - up people celebrated their birthdays
"What does that term "" au pair "" in the text mean ? A young foreign woman taking care children ."	'A mother raising her children on her own
We can infer from the passage that people 's joining developing world effect rich world	'Toyota has been the most active in taking on older workers
Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage ? Deathless Data	'Digital Information
Which of the following statements will the writer support ? People objective view towards alternative energy .	'Any kind of alternative energy is a good thing .
According to the passage , which of the following is a typical click fraud ? Clicking pay - per - click ads competitors .	'Clicking on the banner advertisements of opponent companies .
We can infer from the passage that women generally safer drivers opposite gender	'men are 3.1 times more likely to get tickets than women
The passage mainly tells us about history Hanukkah celebrated	'why Jewish people celebrate Hanukkah
A good title for this article might be Hawaii , Aloha State	'Living in Peace Together
From the whole passage we can learn that patients infected H7N9 fevers coughs early stages .	'two men in Shanghai and a woman in Zhejiang province died from H7N9 .
When the stomach is out of balance , patient feel like anything	'the patient will suffer from eye problems
What may probably be the best title of this passage ? To learn low - carbon lifestyle - promising difficult purpose	'To purchase a cheap bulb - your wise alternative .
Doctor Duffy believed that the problem of learning disabilities limited left side brain	'was limited to the right side of the brain
Why did the author shake his head hearing Greg 's request ? He wondered Greg liked eating much .	'He thought Greg was too impolite to his father .
Why is asbestos a sought - after building material ? This material easy catch fire .	'It is a kind of insulation foam .
Which one is wrong according to the passage ? The little man n't want love .	'Chaplin made a lot of money .
Jealousy is an emotion that go soul without noticed	'you feel others do better than you
Which of the following is NOTtrue ? Dubai gets money mainly selling oil .	'Dubai has created many man - made islands .
It can be inferred from the passage that emotions play important part realize	'we must control our emotions in daily life
The story mainly tells us miss important thing	'to respect Santa Claus
The more items that are given or bought for auction , money raised support computer lab	'the less money that will be charged for the tickets to the auction
What can we know about the woman wearing her long hair in a thick bun ? She helpless disturbed .	'She had long but thinning hair .
In the author 's opinion , mental health important matter old	'mental health is more important than physical health
"What would be the best title of the passage ? Scientists create cow produces "" human "" milk"	'Scientists in Argentina could produce human milk
Kao zha is a good dish that is made with somedifferentleftovers	'meat 
What is the main point of the article ? A tsunami hit Indonesia .	'The tsunami warning system in Indonesia .
What is the passage mainly about ? The dangerous situation medicinal plants ways protecting .	'The function of medicinal plants .
The businessman 's last sentence at the end of the story means widow honest , get money reward .	'the banker should give the widow some money to reward her for her honesty .
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Picasso 's style painting .	"""Picasso did n't find his own style ."
If you want to gain more in the future , you should include many things possible letter	'have the chance to say something to your future self
The words of Long 's students show that Long influenced students greatly	'Long treated his students like a father
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Today , still upper class people spend money clothes .	'Expensive clothes look expensive and show the wearer is rich .
Which of the following statements is TRUE , according to this passage ? Economists believe importing food abroad may cause problems .	'Gregory Barrow suggests that Kenya make good use of overseas food .
What helped Deb Lovci to be selected as 2015 's Best Ski Guide ? Her love Utah 's wilderness ski experiences .	'Her being ready for any ski risks .
What 's TRUE about Tan 's second book ? It result many times careful thought .	"""It 's about her real life in America ."
By telling his own experience , Brad tried to make Radha Karnik believe that sense humour developed	'a sense of humour helps impress others
The example of the languages in Africa is given to show great number languages became extinct .	"""there 're many languages in Arica ."
Which of the following opinion is NOT right according to the text ? The scientists think possession obsessions help people get self - respect .	'Terrorism is believed to easily cause the rise of materialism .
""" On the house "" may mean that the meal free customers ;"	'is taken on the house
"What does this passage mainly talk about ? Tech products become new "" luxury goods "" ."	'Nobody likes luxury goods any more .
What does the previous study have in common with the new one ? There link eating speed energy intake .	'Eating at a slow speed may help feel hungry .
From the passage we know that trip Soweto long influence spite short time .	'there are few students in Bushwick High School
Which of the following is TRUE ? Prague largest ancient castle world .	'Vienna is known as the heart of Europe .
Some of the ride - share car drivers left Ye 's group	"""were forced to join Ye 's group"
The finding of bird 's brains recently refers to bigger brain birds , abler deal environment	'the smaller brain the birds have 
According to the passage , kids soon can    watch TV homework	'be allowed to watch TV
Why are local governments issuing coupons ? To increase domestic demand face global financial crisis .	'To enable students to use them in local stores and supermarkets 
People from other countries learn English for Both B C	'reading English books 
For children keeping pets widens general knowledge	'keeping pets adds to their trouble
Which of the following is NOT true ? Good nutrition stage may encourage excellent brain growth .	"'Those children with a "" healthier "" diet may get an IQ improvement ."
What is the main idea about this passage ? We able live longer .	'The genes affect life span of human beings .
""" ... he had n't called me in to pass the time of day . "" means that must something serious talk"	'he wanted to know how I passed the time of day
The doctors came to Herpin 's home in order to get proof show sleeplessness really true	"""find the reason why some old people did n't need any sleep"
According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true ? It common people write newspapers voice opinion time .	"""Peguilly d'Herbemont 's mother did n't want her to draw the public 's attention ."
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Lin single title world championships 2006 .	'Lin beat Hidayat in all the games of 2006 .
What does the author mainly introduce ? More Chinese choosing coffee drink	'Chinese people have long tradition of tea - drinking .
What can we learn from the passage ? Maybe Arthur already retired .	'Vivian has to cook for the family every day .
"In mentioning "" natural leaders "" in Line 4 , the author is making the point that proof "" natural leaders "" exist"	"'few people qualify as "" natural leaders """
What does Pooperman try to do ? To irresponsible dog owners remove dog waste .	'To advise the local government to protect the environment .
According to the text , Martha got lot support around world	"""helped improve children 's eating habits"
What conclusion can we draw from the passage ? Outdoor activities good eyes .	"""Sydney children do n't study hard ."
The farmers think that Potatoes good people nature	'potatoes have had a bad image
Which of the following about the study of Ohio State University is NOT true ? Only sadness measured study .	"""Students ' emotions are measured by asking questions ."
What is the purpose of the festival held on March 13 in Thailand ? To give importance elephant Thai history .	'To call on people to protect these endangered elephants .
The article is written to inform students essay contest	'convince the students of the prizes available
According to the passage , which of the following about Bill Gates is TRUE ? He persuades world leaders support eradication plan .	'He is the founder of the Global polio Eradication program .
The best title for the passage is WTO -- One World 's Strongest Economic Organizations	'WTO -- Another Name for GATT
Which of the following statements is WRONG ? About 200 million rural population poor diseases .	'Diseases are the source of poverty for the rural population
According to the passage , we can learn that author 's mother kind	'Mr Miller was so bad that nobody liked him
"From the text we can know that . word""belittle""survived disagreements"	'all critics thought little of the Count de Buffon
"The last sentence means ""   It take time find job suits well"	"""It 's easy to find a new job once you have experience"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Riedel volunteered festival least 5years .	"'It costs people a little to fill up their cups from water stations .', ""It 's hard for people to appreciate Blues ."
What did the Cat want to tell the Man ? How accept death beloved one .	'There would be another cat in place of him .
Which of the following information did grandma convey to Jenny ? The marks picture showed age value .	'There was usually a sad story behind each antique .
The stranger followed Charlie because wanted go Mr. Green 's n't know way .	'he wanted to kill Charlie .
Some students will do little in an open classroom because rules	'open education is similar to the traditional education
At the end of the story , the woman thought that Jack took others ' umbrellas away	'Jack sold many umbrellas
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Train Gain Help Business Succeed	'The Way to Succeed in your Business
The purpose that the writer wrote this article is to warn man must n't destroy forests	'tell people the function of tree roots
Which of the following is TRUE ? Inviting children 's friends family activities good make friends .	"""Children do n't care others ' comments on them ."
The silent carrier that brings the program to you is called radio waves	'radio set
If you swim in the Australian waters , you will probably get bad sting Blue Bottle	'be bitten by the blue ringed octopus
What 's the main idea of this passage ? The United Nations listed rights thinks children .	'Children are made to work long hours on farms .
What was the author 's mother worried about most ? She could n't make understood doctor .	"""She could n't get used to the life in Beijing ."
Which is the wrong way to learn math well ? You copy students ' homework .	"""If you do n't understand a step "
From the passage we can learn that Woody set example American folk singers	'learned a lot from young folk singers
Skateboarding is introduced into American schools to help students form habit sports	'teach students how to deal with risks
The poor fisherman often dreamed of having lot money	'a big house
What 's the main idea of this passage ? The relation names happiness .	'How to choose a good name for babies .
We can learn from the study published on the Nature website that     . scientists improve design experiments	"""plants ' flowering is 8.5 times faster than leafing"
People like swimming in summer because feel cool water	'they feel free in the water
Which of the following is NOT true about Chinese people ?     Many Chinese like go Southeast Asia winter sightseeing .	'Chinese people like joining large tourist groups .
What is true according to the passage ? Men affected women .	'The biggest health issue is exposure to Sunshine .
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? The author often gives carrots wife eat home .	'The carrot is much more fun when it comes to marriage .
The writer thinks people who come from different countries have feeling melodies words	'different understanding of melodies and words
Which of the following is true ? Humans may perceive convey language .	"""It 's right to talk about politics over dinner ."
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Indians often catch monkeys way .	'as soon as the monkeys comes to the pumpkin 
What kind of people is the passage intended for ? people recruiting employers	'members in the Careers Centre
The purpose of the passage meant to sell four books readers	'introduce the four books to readers
The Food Commission is angry because it thinks that people waste energy buying food countries	'UK wastes a lot of money importing food products
The example of sleep math is used to show build sleep debt	'how you can pay off sleep debts at weekends
Which of the following is TRUE about Susan Boyle ? tell us Boyle 's dream came true	"""let us know more about Boyle 's personal life"
What 's the author 's sleep pattern ? Going bed sleepy getting fixed early time .	'Going to bed early and getting up early .
Volunteers for the Peace Corps can contribute lives developing countries develop	'improve their abilities by learning in some developed countries
The text mainly tells us weight - loss pills popular theUSA	'when Britney Spears was found taking weight - loss pills with her
"In which statement does "" white "" have a negative meaning ? A man whitewashes crime ."	'A boy is dressed in white at baptisms .
We   learn that the big strong tree and the thin young one are like parents children	'the young father and the old neighbor
Who invented the tea bag ? Thomas Sullivan .	'An English tea seller .
According to the passage , who tend to require more personal space ? People living Wyoming people living Montana .	'People living in Beijing and people living in Mexico City .
Which of the following moved the author ? The homeless man bought food dog money .	'The homeless man had no money to buy food for himself .
According to Benjamin Franklin , what was the cause of over - seriousness ? The fact things fail meet people 's expectations .	"""The fact that people 's perspective "
In which order will you eat or drink the following things at a meal ? Soup , meat vegetables , dessert coffee .	'Coffee 
The title of the passage is The Language Deaf .	'The Deaf .
What can be learned about the study between 2005 and 2008 from the passage ? Most women allowed children watch TV .	'The TV was on for about three hours .
Which of the following might the author disagree ? Wealth surely bring owner happiness .	'Money is important in modern society .
The text is mainly about growth disabled child prodigy	'certain principles to bring up a child
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Mary 's brother often played garden .	"'Mary liked drawing very much .', ""Mary 's mother saw Mary 's drawing ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? The purpose test show good .	'You should listen to your teacher and take notes carefully in class .
We can learn from the passage that     thatched cottages England passed ancient times	'thatching is a building craft first created by the English people
What 's the passage about ? How eat .	'What to eat .
Which piece of advice is NOT given by the author ? Do team sports classmates .	'Make friends with your classmates .
"Which of the following sentences can be added to the end of the story ? "" Do n't angry . You think 're changed , ? "" said Caterpillar ."	"'"" Do n\'t be silly . You are still yourself . "" said the Caterpillar ."
What does the story tell us ? The greedy   dog gets nothing last .	'The dog is a clever one .
What can we learn about Overnight Camp ? Campers share stories others meals .	'It requires parents to prepare meals for campers .
Which of the following statements is correct ? At crossroads , drivers need n't stop go slow .	'Stop signs can be found at every crossroads .
What we can learn from the passage is that Boryeong Mud Festival originally held advertise mineral resources	"'people around the world celebrate Holi differently to promote their religions', ""Koninginnedag - The Netherlands was celebrated on their current Queen 's birthday"
The launch of Tiangong -- 1 part China 's plan set station space	'will bring trouble to the western countries in space
Which of the following is NOT true according to the description about American crocodiles ? American crocodiles like float eyes nose water surface .	'American crocodiles live on land and in swamps and marshes .
Which question does the writer really try to answer ? Do houses imagine reflect ?	'What would our imaginative houses look like ?
The title of the passage should be Short stature short life	'Short people and their taller peers
Why did Russia insist that only Russian divers can work inside the submarine Kursk ? Because Russia feared top secrets inside Kursk let .	'Because the Barents Sea is very icy and the weather is too cold .
What is the purpose of the passage ? To introduce effective way improving students ' writing .	"'To encourage students to keep a journal every day .', ""To analyze students ' problems in learning languages ."
What can we infer from the passage ? The number grey wolves smaller deer .	'Tourists can only visit the park by walking or hiking .
The moon 's pull has a weak effect on the oceans on the opposite of the Earth, still make high tide .	"'so there is a low tide .', ""so the water there does n't bunch up"
Which of the following is true ? McCarty given many honors good deeds .	'McCarty died at the age of eighty - six .
Which of the following may not contribute to the e - bike 's going mainstream ? The price e - bikes come greatly .	'E - bikes are much cheaper to use than gas vehicles .
The much - feared M - day was previous Friday Michelangelo virus due strike	'Friday - the-13th when the eponymous virus was due to strike
What dose Alan Rinzler suggest that children should do ? Be professionally guided	'Be forbidden to write books
The passage tells people around the world protect    environment	'to stop riding bikes on the hard ice
From the passage we learn that high blood pressure kind chronic disease	"""the author 's father died long before his mother"
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? The changing faces charity	'The age of charity
From the passage we can conclude that boy great courage determination	"'the boy was an unrealistic person', ""the boy 's father was irresponsible for his education"
What is the article about ? A new device check whether online rumors true .	'Tips on how to deal with rumors online .
The author tells the story of the fisherman doll to show that dolls fine details	'it takes much effort to make a doll
The 11 oil ministers decided to meet on July 3 so that discussion effects Iraq 's temporary output stop	'they can persuade Iraq to continue oil production
The passage is written to     introduce mobile payment	'encourage the readers to use digital wallet
Why does the writer thank Mr. Rose at the end of the passage ? Because Mr. Rose taught face life positive expectation .	'Because Mr. Rose showed him how to be a successful salesperson .
Which of the following is NOT true ? The two girls two brothers .	'John and his sisters are in the same school .
How does the panel work ? It sends heat away right space .	'It takes in the heat and cools it down .
According to the passage parents and coaches should pay attention letting children enjoy sports	'help children to win every game
Which of the following is right ? The earthquake happened tsunami .	'There was no electricity in Eastern Japan .
What should you do if you need a special diet ? Tell organizer booking .	'Inform the hotel when you arrive .
The deep sea is dark and mysterious , but     kind glowing fish found .	"""a teen 's research is going to light it up ."
Which statement is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Sweden earliest country use mobile phones	'The mobile phone has been popular since early 1980s in Sweden
It is implied in the passage that students evaluated continuously	'students listen to guest lecturers every day
Why the man became famous in the end ? Because sing .	'Because he was good at the piano
The A&E department is incredibly busy because players ' arrival disturbs work A&E department	"""more patients ' arrival increases the workload of the A&E department"
In what way can the surveillance camera benefit the public ? By helping keep social safety .	'By watching the students in class .
What does the slogan of M&Ms mean ? The chocolate easy melt sun .	'The chocolate can not be held in your hand .
Which of the following about Jane Austen is TRUE ? Many places visited Bath still available .	'Her family house is now in the village of Steventon .
What is not mentioned    in the passage ? How differences British English American English came .	'Whether there are differences between British English and American English .
The best title would be The ABCs Allergies	'The Cause of Allergies
Which of the following is TRUE ? We see films computers .	"'People all like to go shopping by computers .', ""We ca n't buy anything using computers ."
What should people do first if they want to get a gift ? Add magazine cart .	'Send an email or print a note .
What caused the crash ? Holly stepped gas pedal instead brakes .	'Holly was drinking a soft drink while driving .
The people in the restaurant all ran out because    wanted horse eat fish	'They want to see the old man
Which is NOT true ? The students seldom pork lunch dining hall .	"'Zheng Chuyu likes playing badminton .', ""Zheng Chuyu does n't want to be a dull boy ."
What is the author 's purpose to write this passage ? To offer useful advice traveling .	'To give some ideas about traveling .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Mandela kept studying laws even prison .	'Mandela became a lawyer in order to help the black .
When you have good study habits , you will A B	'learn things quickly
According to Desley Boyle 's prediction , what will happen when the 6-month contract is over ? The : best job world : winner choose leave island .	'Tourism industry in that state will welcome a boom .
What do you think would be the best title for the passage ? Human Factors Accidents	'Accidents and Human
How did Su Su write the book ? She wrote English first translate Chinese .	'She wrote it in Chinese first and then translate it into English .
How did John Baur and Mark Summers invent the special holiday ? They thought idea chance imagination	'Many young people asked them to do it
Which of the following sentence is true ? The girl wanted beautiful , decided wear hair clip .	'The girl is not as beautiful as other girls .
In the future , we 'll be no longer so afraid of earthquakes help scientists ' exact prediction	"'because of a map showing the "" earthquake belts """
We can infer from the passage that good eating habit may help students keep away drugs	'drug abuse is a common phenomenon in prefix = st1 /America
Which of the following expresses the main idea of the text ? The Great Apes Project good job .	'Apes have legal rights in Spain .
"The best title for the passage would be ""   New Year celebrations around world"	'New activities in America and Europe
How do some researchers now look at routine cancer screening for the elderly ? They doubtful necessity .	'It helps increase their life expectancy .
Both MaCain and Obama agree with each other in the following issues except China 's rising global power threat neighboring countries	'problems like the environment and nuclear proliferation are the global concern
"The scientist started the "" laugh lab "" project find differences male 's female 's sense humor"	'to find the funniest joke in European countries
We can know that if nobody spoke the languages of smaller cultures , many words things know would lost	'people would find working together was difficult .
Which of the following might be the best title of the passage ? Talking Young Children Alcohol	'Keeping Away from Alcohol
Which of the following statements is n't right ? You take shoes first step host 's door .	'If you are invited for dinner 
What can we learn about old women in terms of fashion ? They mole easily influenced stars .	'They are often ignored by fashion designers .
What does the writer want to tell us ? Social media bad dangerous .	'Many students are using WeChat .
Bonner came to know the Palos Verdes blue after he met Dr. Mattoni , professor biology	'found the butterfly had died out
Which of the following is true ? The applicants show either Hong Kong visa Hong Kong ID card .	"'Once applicants are refused ', "" they ca n't apply for it again ."
What does the University of Melbourne study mainly show ? Surfing Internet fun office hours increases productivity .	'People who surf the Internet are good workers .
From the passage we can see that Sydney 's landmarks sight storm happened	'Tanya Ferguson lives in the Australian outback at the moment
Which of the following   is TRUE according to the article ? When tasks started switching quickly test , women study likely take extra time think .	'In the first test 
James ' wife left because James failed keep balance charity home	'James paid too little attention to his work
In the film Moneyball , Beane charge Oakland A 's	'is good at statistical analysis
From the account above , which of the following statements is true ? He hard - working writer .	"""He is n't serious enough about life ."
The eggs of spittlebugs pull winter hatch	'are protected by mother spittlebugs all the time
The purpose of writing the passage is to introduce Internet dating us .	'persuade the readers to go dating on the Internet
What is the skeptics ' view of media violence ? Most studies exaggerate    effect media violence viewers .	'Violence on television is fairly accurate reflection of real - world life .
Which can not be inferred from the passage ? Glenn n't catch doctor told mother n't worry burns .	'Glenn decided to survive though his lower part of body had lost the sense of feeling .
The reason why there was great interest in Flight STS-51-L is that young secondary school teacher flight	'both Christa and Judy got PhD degrees in the same year
Which of the following is Howe 's final solution to his problem ? Making small hole needle .	'Tossing and turning the needle .
From the passage we learn that Robo - Guard may serve security guard	'the Superhero Suit is designed for fun
According to the changed car tax , if you have a lower - carbon car , you will pay less road tax	'no road tax
Which is the best title for the passage ? Mountain Lions Unlikely Places	'Measures Taken to Avoid Lions
What happened on the author 's graduation day ? His parents came together Mr . Walker .	'His parents met Mr . Walker by chance .
Which of the following is TURE ? A card Family Returns used two months .	'If you want to travel to Pairs by air 
"What made the young woman feel strange about the "" old woman "" ? The fact "" old woman "" kept nodding head ."	"'The fact that the "" old woman "" was unable to speak ."
Which sentence is right ? That evening bad cold .	'The nurse knows he is a boy .
From the passage we learn today large cities water used	"'if every city reused its water ', "" we 'll be in no danger of drying up"
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Too much red meat consumption contributes ill health .	'A higher intake of white meat brings benefits .
If we teach animals carefully , animals things man .	'all the animals can work for us .
It can be learned from the passage that animals also code ethics like human beings	'following rules makes it easy for animals to seek for mates
Which kind of teachers can be story - writing teachers ? Teachers love teaching writing .	'Teachers who prefer writing to teaching .
Why did Martin hate his company 's team meeting ? Because meeting atmosphere n't open trusting .	'Because he was tired of hosting such a meeting .
A bank run happens when many depositors try draw money one time	'a bank is closed for one or more days * ks5*u
To pay with your smart phone , you need to credit card	'store money in the phone
When she was over fifty , the late 19th century mother unlikely find job .	'would expect to work until she died
Which of the following is true ? body language important trying communicate across cultures	'people around the world have the same body languages
Why did Isaksen advise people not to have foreign pets ? We know much yet .	'We need to study native animals .
The best title for this passage is Prince , clever , well - trained dog	'Williams had a trained dog
If you need to decide where to invest your money , you must use your      rational thinking	'IQ scores
What is the main idea of this passage ? Two factors account guilty sense .	"""Two sons blamed themselves for their mother 's death ."
The text is written mainly to introduce Wambugu 's contribution genetic engineering	'tell us sweet potatoes are in danger of being attacked by a virus
The king felt very unhappy . He wanted happy man	'to be a clever man
What is the passage mainly about ? saving premature babies idea nature	'advantages of kangaroo mother care
What 's the main purpose of the online blog campaign started by Yu Jianrong ? To gain support charities social institutions .	"""To draw the top leader 's attention to the child beggars ."
Which of the following sentences is NOT right ? Joan Lily class .	'Joan and Lily are students .
Scott Langteau published Sofa Boy to warn kids game addiction	'share his great skills on games
What is the main idea of the text ? Mr Hennen loved newspaper carrying work .	'Mr Hennen had several jobs .
After Edison failed 10,000 times , he invented light bulb	'invented 10
The change in women 's attitude towards marriage results in all of the following EXCEPT women quit ( leave ) jobs take care children home	'women today tend to marry later than they did
Many people do n't want to let go of some of their belongings because    fear memories gone thrown - away stuff	"""they have n't had any life - changing experiences"
The program of using iPads in class is experimental one carried schools	'widely accepted by most schools in the United States
Which of the following is RIGHT ? Radio important writer 's life .	'The writer often talks to the radio like a friend .
Over dependence on the smartphone leads to the fact that people 's communication skills weakened	'people are more and more narrow - minded
The best title   of the passage is Good study habits .	'Study in a quiet place
What would be the best title for the text ? Face Transplants -- No Longer Science Fantasy	'Debate on the Ethics of Face Transplants
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Every snowflake different one .	'Ken often works with a tiny snowflake at home .
Which book of the above can she buy for Marry 's older mother ? Disease Free	'How To Write Your Life Story
What is argued about in this passage ? Elephants display .	"""Zoo elephants do n't live as long as those in the wild ."
It is still hard to reduce traffic problems , because vehicles sold globally year .	"""Mr Lootah 's approach will be copied widely ."
The boss gave John a task because wanted John learn	'he wanted John to do more for his company
The writer of this passage is most likely to be reporter	'a dog owner
We know from this passage young man might name old man 's son	'the young man knew he was wrongly called when he got on the plane
Which of the following is TRUE in this letter ? Paul Likes going movies weekends .	'Paul is in Shanghai with his whole family .
What is the biggest difference between the AeroMobil 3 . 0 and other airplanes ? It take stretch grass .	'It is powered by aircraft fuel .
Why does the author mention Rothko 's uncompleted book ? To suggest Rothko 's unique personal painting style .	"""To prove Rothko 's concentration on painting ."
Which fact can NOT explain why soap is important ? It gets people habit washing hands .	'It gives people a longer handwashing time .
What can we learn about old women in terms of fashion ? They easily influenced stars .	'They are often ignored by fashion designers .
When the project is completed , US military will clear picture almost every part world	'have insect robots from all over the world
Mary studies in Chinese school	'a French school
Which of the following statements about Tennessee William is true ? Tennessee William major voice spoke troubled people southern America .	'Both Tennessee William and William Faulkner are playwrights .
The passage implies that Many people world enjoy good taste chocolate .	'Christopher Columbus brought cacao seeds to Central America .
Which of the following could be the best title of the passage ? Presidential1 coin issued .	'Different ways to honor Presidents .
What can Ramona do ? She talk visitors .	'She can help deaf people listen .
The topic of the passage may be     keep life active	'avoid challenges
Which of the following statements about the cliques is TRUE ? .Chques help improve children 's self - respect	'.Cliques members have different characteristics and interests .
What is the solution to the problem of managing time ? Doing want first .	'Taking time to visit friends regularly .
According to the passage , the vase present Sarah 's father	"""was not important to Sarah 's mother"
What 's the passage mainly about ? What needed winner .	'How to practice if you want to win .
What might happen if the patent system is changed ? Millions lives saved poor countries .	'Drugs companies will stop producing drugs .
To achieve his music dream , Artie Shaw began playing bands across United States	'first began to play the clarinet
One of the moves Prince Charles will take to reduce the royal impact on the environment is    . taking scheduled flights instead helicopters	'taking private jets that are not carbon - heavy
The boat was considered unusual because looked strange several ways	'it was a small wooden boat
Which of the following statement is true ? Teenagers allowed many friends .	'Friends never hurt each other .
We can learn from the passage that Sabur is world'syoungest college professor	"""America 's youngest bachelor of science"
We can learn from the passage that Charlie Chaplin made 35 short films total 1914	'Charlie Chaplin went to America for the first time at 20
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Scientists working improve robots .	'Robots are hard things to invent .
People who are farsighted lot close work without glasses	'can only see things that are very close to their eyes
The writer seems to support the statement that tests help students find areas struggling	'tests are a wining or losing game between students and teachers
To reduce the energy required to produce bottled water , some companies are trying produce lightweight bottles recycled materials	'to fill tap water into the plastic bottles directly
In the old policeman 's opinion , old man insulted hometown	'Hitler was more foolish than pigs
Confucius thought people work others	"""young people need n't take care of the old"
Which of the following is True according to the passage ? The occupy protests announced illegal harmful business .	"""Police officers did n't meet with any resistance in the late afternoon clearance ."
The Feast of the Seven Fishes is held to remember birth baby Jesus	'the day when God created the world
What is the author 's purpose in writing the text ? To introduce apple festival .	'To show how to grow apples .
You can not see the book when you close your eyes , because light get eyes	'your eyes are too close to it
Which sentence best express the central point of the passage ? We become stronger facing solving problems life .	'Problems and difficulties represent a special kind of suffering .
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? The farmer 's family friends .	'The others help the farmer kill the cow .
What did the author 's wife do for the two women ? She ordered cake .	'She made a usual order for them .
At the request stop that evening , the girl made attempt stop bus	'stopped a big lorry
Many tours are timed for people to enjoy fantastic eruption darkening sky	'get down the mountain in time when night falls
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Our level responsibility strongly affected outcomes actions .	'People were quicker to recognize if their actions had resulted in a bad consequence .
The main idea of this passage is excellent students mainland new choice higher education	'the scholarship of the universities in Hong Kong is very high
Which of the following is FALSE according to the passage ? K2 called Col . H. H. Godwin .	'Everest was unhappy about the name of Mount Everest at first .
What kind of shyness can be bad according to the passage ? You red face 're asked answer question class .	'You feel a little nervous when you go to a new place .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the article ? Some experts believe earthquakes could make landslides likely happen .	'Most landslides are too small to be detected .
Which of the following was made into a popular film ? The polar Express	'Waiting for Winter
Which of the following materials are not needed in this course ? flour vinegar	'cabbage and onion
If students pass the independent exam , they will one interview chances .	'take the national exam .
Why did some teachers and researchers carry out PEEL ? To help normal teaching methods achieve goals .	'To ensure teachers do scientific work .
The text mainly tells about American museums health subjects	'museums in the US
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The state Victoria playing leading role greywater use .	'More water has been used in Australia with the growing population .
What will Dr. Heffernan and Dr Terence O'Neil do ? Investigate effects third - hand smoking .	'Do research on how smoking affects passive smokers .
The price of hostels was low because people brought equipment	'the hostels were in old buildings
"With her story "" Car Talk "" , the author indicates that family members need real communication"	'fathers love their daughters dearly
Which of the following is NOT true ? St. Lawrence Islands ' establishment marked beginning Canada 's national park system .	'Wood Buffalo National Park is famous as one of the largest national parks in the world .
Why was the boy forced to stop working for the old man ? The boy could n't earn enough money old man .	'It was too dangerous to continue fishing .
It can be inferred from the passage that family systems belong culture	'culture should rely on the process of physical evolution
Why did Mrs. Jackson put the fish near the open window ? Because wanted cool fish .	"""Because she did n't cook the fish ."
According to the passage , you can do everything when you get angry except say bad things people around	'think about good things
At last Mr White fooled old man .	'the old man felt much better
The author mentions Elizabeth L. Cline 's book to show disagreement idea	'express his anger at the poor quality of clothes
According to the author , the fashion industry bother make clothes fat people	'makes a lot of money by making clothes for fat people
Once seeds of some vegetables and crops are sent into space and back , n't produce bigger crops	'they are all better than before going to space
"Through "" Alive and Well "" , parents of runaway children say nothing children"	'often fail to persuade their children to return home
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The author n't dreamed getting rich instantly	'The author had known Rich Ezzo before
Who told the writer the news of her husband 's illness ? The writer 's niece .	'The young woman .
The following statements are included in the study of dynamics except design construction skyscrapers	'the motions of heavenly bodies
It can be inferred from the passage that vegetarians believe life without meat happy .	'being a vegetarian may be a very strange thing
The sitting - rising test was first designed assess flexibility athletes .	"""to measure their patients ' flexibility and strength ."
2010 was declared as the International Year of Youth because many children suffering ill - treatment neglect	'3 million children reported their information to the UN
The difference of the two main kinds of sloth lies in that three - toed generally lazier	'a two - toed sloth will not eat fruits
Thomas Edison is spoken of because got ideas dreams	"'he also tried to invent a sewing machine', ""he was one of Howe 's best friends"
What is the main idea of the passage ? People tend fib using gadgets .	'People are getting more likely to lie .
What can we know from US economist Dan Ariely 's experiment ? The students actually n't know lecture worth .	"""Ariely 's free lecture enjoyed popularity among students ."
What can we learn from the text ? A pet wolf become aggressive moment .	'Wolves are easy to get tamed .
Over which issue Adam Harrison showed his concern ? The plantation oil palms affect native environment .	'The oil palm is not a good replacement of the forest .
From the passage we can know Tokay gecko common Laos	'Peter Jager was the first spider discoverer
What is the article mainly about ? Jean Tirole Wins Nobel Economics Prize .	'The 1ife of Jean Tirole .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? While Africa , McGrady behaved considerately .	"""The trip to Africa has changed McGrady 's life totally ."
The text mainly tells us    face change friendship	'that childhood friendship is valuable
A modern farmer can hardly move to another place as he did before because free fields left farming	'it takes a farmer more than ten years to start farming in a new field
From this passage we know that we feel differently in different kinds of weather because bodies deal different kinds weather different ways keep temperature .	'we feel tired and lazy in summer and lively in winter when we are outside in cold air
Which of the following shows the differences between Dickens ' books and television dramas ? The television dramas exciting books .	'The television dramas are more often used in class for English students than the books .
What is the secret of the success of Adu according to the passage ? All	'His mother noticed his talent and encouraged him all the time .
Which is Not true according to the passage ? Actresses never worry looks .	'We only need to make a small change to feel beautiful enough .
Where should passengers buy their tickets ? At station boarding .	'From the bus driver .
When we study a foreign language , we should put communication first	'speak by the rules
If a writer writes something , it means that he or she needs understand better	'has understood it very well
The official mentioned in this passage n't understand hand - held cell phones alone banned among many others	"'does not agree with this ban', ""does n't believe using hand - held cell phones while driving will cause any danger"
Which of the following may be the best title for the passage ? China closes poultry markets .	'Hospitals have prepared to treat H7N9 cases .
We learn from the passage that women choose chunky heels because want walk comfortably	'chunky heeled shoes are cheaper than stiletto heeled pairs
What 's the purpose of this passage ? To provide advice promoting better sleep night .	'To inform readers of different sleep habits before bed .
"What would be the best title for the passage ? Experts clarify worries "" supermoon """	"'"" Supermoon "" and earthquake"
A search group formed by some American scientists . took pictures seemed show monster	'found the monster itself
What is the writing purpose of the passage ? To encourage application green building .	'To present arguments about green building .
"The "" recover "" rule mainly requires us get back useful parts"	'to throw waste things away
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Emotions delicate influence fellow humans .	'Children like copying the actions of the fellow humans .
What is mainly discussed in the text ? A special reading program .	"""Children 's reading difficulties ."
What can we know from the passage ? The old farmer might changed reading .	'The old farmer played tricks on his grandson .
Which is NOT true ? Scientists prove Hanging Gardens Babylon ever existed .	'The Great Pyramid has used many stones to build .
What does the wall in Frost 's poem stand for according to the author ? The distance neighbors .	'Broken fences .
Which of the following might be the best title of this passage ? Friends Road	'The Silent Woman on the Bus
From the text we can infer Colin Firth many sides personality	'Colin Firth is violent and aggressive
According to the passage we can learn that practical goal help people achieve sense success	"""we should n't be satisfied with small goals that are insignificant"
The main problem of Yosemite Park is its overcrowdedness	'modern water pipes
From the passage we learn that newspaper would popular	'the eruption did little damage to the small island
How much did the children get in total ? 85 yuan .	'82 yuan .
What we can learn from the passage is that festivals win good recognition wide audience	'the Edinburgh Festival attracts audience across the world
What is NOT true of this new research ? Researchers provided supporting scientific evidence	'The 6
The four boys all like playing soccer	'playing basketball
What do we know about South Korean annual national exams ? Many Senior 3 students ca n't enough sleep .	'Senior 3 students have to compete fiercely because there is only one place for 10 students .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Little Hans ' father would pay hiswayto Copenhagen .	"""Little Hans ' father made a living by making shoes ."
The passage is mainly about I changed attitude towards iPhone	'why I was content with my iPhone
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? Anyone around world enjoy service Google Flu Trends .	"""The government 's data mentioned in the passage came from a network of 1"
Which of the following is NOT true about Face book ? Face book considered important iPod students UK .	"""It 's the world 's biggest social networking site ."
The best title for the passage is A Brief Account Madam Curie	"'Madam Curie and Radium', ""Madam Curie 's Childhood"
The big fire in Yellowstone in 1988 brought natural burn policy end	'destroyed the park completely
Which of the following statements about the activities in Long Beach is TRUE ? Tent camping allowed beach .	'People can drive an RV on the beach .
Among the causes of walkers ' accidents , the most serious problem is .    alcohol	'long delays in traffic signals that may make people cross streets without paying attention to traffic rules
The County Council needs local people to collect information harvest mice	'donate food for harvest mice
The main idea of this passage is that person found actually n't need sleep	'large numbers of people do not need sleep
"The words "" heavy people "" means people fat"	'people who do heavy work
From the passage , we know that . Not people satisfied move .	'All the people are pleased with the move .
From this story , we have learned that friend need friend indeed	'both the bee and the bird are useful animal
Chen Feng member school basketball team	'hopes to win the football game
Which of the following is NOT true ? Dogs help people make everything .	'Dogs can help people in many ways .
We can infer from the text that school strict rules uniforms	"""kids ca n't have classes without wearing hats"
What do you think is the main idea of the passage ? feathers made flowerpot	'Chicken and its feathers
The book entitled Thank You , Mr. Falker is about Polacco 's early experience reading	'the magic power of oral words on children
What 's the best title for the passage ? Better Parents Are Needed	'Better Teachers Are Needed
What can we know from the passage ? Some new English words borrowed languages .	'New science words are shorter than the old ones .
The following details about Canada are all true EXCEPT Canada 's fishing industry developed	'it is convenient for people to travel in Canada
In what way does the study challenge people 's traditional belief ? History Amazon rainforests .	'Understanding of climate change .
What can we learn from the passage ? We find suitable    things us .	'Every bird can fly .
What is the passage mainly about ? The Manx language .	'The life of Manx people
What can we learn from the passage ? Downhill skiing used difficult learn old - fashioned skis .	'Runners and cyclists can not train because of the wet or slippery roads in winter .
We can learn from the passage that Li Na fashionable girl	'Li Na is always impatient with her fans
Which of the following can we learn about self - confidence according to the passage ? Parents friends matter building one 's self - confidence .	"'Self - confidence is usually the symbol of special abilities .', ""Parents ' protection prevents children 's self - confidence development ."
What is the best title of the passage ? Bognor Regis ' clown festval .	'Wonderful clown shows .
Dogs and people use low sound keep others away	'words when they communicate
What can we learn from the passage ? It cruel kill animals way mentioned passage .	'Many animals can run away when hunters want to shoot them .
Which exhibition can you attend in October ? Sunken cities : Egypt 's lost worlds	"'Sicily : culture and conquest', ""Francis Towne 's watercolours of Rome"
It could be inferred from the passage that the author believes competition business plays important role America	'business in other countries are not as competitive as those in the USA
The passage mainly tells us nice weekend	'why to plan weekends well
The best title for this passage can be Skinny Player -- new type MP3 player	'Ipod -- out of date MP3 player
According to the text , which type of behavior is NOT expected of a man by society ? Complaining marriage trouble .	'Ending his marriage without good reason .
Which of the following is the disadvantage of an autopilot system ? It might respond properly unexpected situations .	"""It wo n't make the same mistakes as people do ."
According to the passage , we can infer that government could help solve poverty , would less killing elephants .	'farmers have difficulty in protecting their field because no walls can stop an adult elephant .
The purpose of this advertisement is show procedure ordering books online	'to help readers apply for account numbers
The author agrees with Lynne Truss in that grammar mistakes ca n't tolerated	'books on grammar make people stupid
Which sentence is true ? Most people favorite color	'No one likes bright colors .
Which of the following can be the best title ? Why These Parents Decided Not To Celebrate Christmas .	'How Americans usually Spend A Traditional Christmas .
"What is the most important measure to deal with "" mobile - phone acouasm "" ? To get rid pressure work ."	'To buy a mobile phone of good quality .
What can we conclude from the article ? The new method extracting germanium Freiburg scientists trying greener cheaper traditional one .	"'Germanium can be easily produced during the process of mining zinc or burning coal .', 'Sunflowers and corn are currently the most efficient plants to use when extracting germanium .', ""The process of harvesting germanium from plants is n't costly because after harvesting "
The key words for the passage are passion stress	'difficult and rewarding
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Everything learn school influence	"""You 'll use everything you learn at school in the future"
Who must call in advance before visiting the museum ? Any group ten people .	'Only groups wanting guided tours .
The software mentioned in the passage is based on traditional Chinese medical principle	'the latest development of smart phones
The moment the author got down to the river bank he saw Ma Shwe holding calf rushing water	'the calf was about to fall into the river
What is the author 's purpose of writing the text ? To introduce history April Fools ' Day .	'To teach us how to avoid being tricked .
It can be inferred from the text that adjustable desks easy operate	'adjustable desks are mass - produced now
What would be best title for the passage ? Leaving Home	'Living with the Family
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? Salt Is More Than Four - letter Word .	'Salt Is a Basic Element in Cooking .
According to the passage , which of the following statement is true ? Mr. Jefferson , third President United States , man good manners .	'The President of the US is fond of riding .
To avoid ironing the clothes over again , one should spare care procedures	'know how to iron certain clothes material
At the beginning , Special English program was doubted professionals	'rejected by native people
From the passage we can learn that Earth 's turning motion causes sun rise east	'the sun and planets generally travel westward
It can be inferred from the passage that strong beliefs ca n't ensure promising future	"""attitudes can be learned from one 's parents"
What does the author mainly want to express by telling her story ? She valued human feelings .	"'She found Christmas gifts no longer badly needed .', 'She thought her own home was the most important of all .', ""She realized she almost did n't need possessions ."
The main purpose of the school - to - work program is to make students learn school related workplace	'introduce new job opportunities to schools
This passage is mainly written to give us information British pubs	'compare the British pubs and American bars
If parents have trouble with their relationship , the child feel guilty trouble	'will communicate with their parents
For someone interested in knowing more stories about dogs , the author suggests that he . search Internet	'train a dog
What did Jimmy 's neighbor really want him to do ? To stop making noises	'make a noise on his drum with a knife
The purpose of the author is give us useful suggestions	'to tell us that our belief is not reliable
Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? William Henry Bragg 's Productive Life	'William Henry Bragg : A Famous Author
Which of the following may be the best title of the passage ? The science love first sight	'The stages of passionate love
According to Theory Second , the disaster happened to the Titanic mainly because mirage made watcher find icebergs nearby ship delay rescuing	"""the high tides drove the icebergs float so fast that the watcher did n't respond to them"
What 's the main idea of the passage ? A massive earthquake struck city Christchurch New Zealand .	'No one was ever killed in earthquakes in New Zealand .
What are Tony 's favorite food and drink ? Juice oranges .	'Juice and apples .
It is difficult to learn names all over the world because names different countries different	'some names are very short 
The dance project aims to help street children receive education	'give the street children parental care
What 's the best title for the passage ? Helpless Love .	'the Importance of Love .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The damage carbon monoxide works .	"'Warning signs that carbon monoxide poisoning has .', ""Reasons why carbon monoxide can cause person 's death ."
From the passage we can conclude that frequent heading may have significant effect one 's brain	"""little effect on one 's brain"
The study on bossy behavior implies that parents strict children	'should give more power to their children
According to Jessica , the cupcakes    Should't banned school	"""Do n't belong to the bake sales"
It can be inferred from the passage that islanders friendly migrating crabs	'red crabs migrate by swimming in color1ful ocean waves
Christopher and other students went to pick fruits from real trees because they wanted to provide people healthy fruit	'have some fresh fruit for themselves
Which is the best title for the passage ? A short holiday	'Have a good time .
What does Helen 's father do when she does some shopping ? He sits car .	'He goes after Helen .
In the passage the writer tries to tell us that use dictionary read something English	'an English - Chinese dictionary can tell us everything about a word
Mr. Brown was angry because found room park car outside house	'he lost the way when he drove back home one day
The author decided to serve the community more often because found effect people 's lives	'he received gratitude from the woman in the shelter
According to the passage , more and more parents in Britain prefer to send their children to state school	'a private school
If a fresh clean flavor is to a foodie 's taste , which couple of cities is he likely to make a trip to ? Guangzhou , Shaoxing	'Chengdu 
According to the passage , which of the following statement is not true ? The rest toilets international flights men .	'Female- only toilet can only be found on international flights .
According to the passage , which of the following suggestions would you most readily take ? Eat home many times possible	'Eat out as many times as possible
What can we learn from the passage ? The writer could n't sleep well hotel room , either .	'The writer had a good rest in the hotel room .
From this passage we know 's good manners talk mouths full	"""it 's good manners to use a knife and fork to eat"
When the weather changed , animals began change	'many trees grew well in cold weather
Which of the following is NOT true about Calvin Hunter ? He fever dog .	"""Calvin Hunter 's death caused some doubt and disbelief ."
Which of the following is likely to be Xu Jian 's opinion of students learning to drive ? He agreed could learn drive .	'He thought it was better to learn it at college than at work .
In the eyes of the author , an odd phenomenon nowadays is that thin viewed much desired quality	'the Duchess of Windsor is regarded as a woman of virtue
What is the passage mainly about ? The first stagecoaches carried passengers mail .	'Different ways of sending mail in the United States .
The young man had thought that would Easter baskets children .	'he would have an Easter basket and a food basket
How old was the old man 's son ? About 30 years old .	'About 7 years old .
The writer wrote the passage in order to ask teens to save money regularly well spending	'save 100 % of their money
What can be inferred from the text ? Being home - schooling parent needs lot effort .	'Home schooled kids learn fewer .
The husband in the modern family shares big decisions working wife	'is still the boss of the family who decides all of the important things
The name of the bar is The White Horse	"'The Black Horse', ""Mr. Webster 's Bar"
If you 're interested in British geology , you 'd better choose Earth Lab Workshops	'Hands - on Activities
The two experiments mentioned in the passage show that participants saying aloud word found object quickly	'participants were better at doing the shopping task
Why did Jabbar write the book What Color is My World ? To make people recognize contributions African - Americans made .	'To provide an instructive literary book for parents .
Bruce cried because He thought blind .	'The train went into a tunnel .
Which of the following statement is NOT right ? People get apples using hands .	'Jack - o - lanterns are pumpkins that are cut to look like faces .
How does the eye - recognition program work ? You look machine .	'The machine listens to your voice .
Matt learned some information about his stolen iphone when new owner logged iCloud account	'Orange Brother connected with him
The purpose of this text is to call on people     control greenhouse gas	'to make full use of energy
The change in man 's size of forehead will probably be because use brain time goes :	"""he makes use onIy20 % of the brain 's capacity ."
What can be inferred from the text ? Ruben possibly showed strong interest Italian buildings .	'Thanks to its great painters 
To make parenting easier , most parents probably turn toys activities keep children occupied	'try to persuade their children to read books
What 's the main idea of the whole passage ? Record companies taken action protect copyrights accusing individuals piracy file - sharing networks .	"""It 's too late for record companies to protect their rights ."
Due to the digital rights management , readers likely lose access purchase	'the e - book should be tied to a specific device
Why is air pollution more grave in the city than in the country ? Because much gas fumes cars burning coal oil energy city country .	'Because there are larger populations in cities .
What 's the main idea of this passage ? It gives us advice protect H7N9 virus comes .	'It tells us how to wash hands .
From the public speaking courses you can learn keep calm giving speech	'the skills of listening to a public speech
We can infer from the passage that Suisie really believed bugs	"""Susie 's mum cried because of scare ."
What does the author advise you to do to pay the high cost of college ? To get know ask financial aid	'To make a study of financial courses
Why did the old man ask the waiter to take some fish to his horse ?   Because     wanted sit near fire , n't able first .	'his horse like eating fish
The purpose of this passage is ask foreigners write feelings China	'to choose some best photos about foreign cultures
Which of the following can be inferred from the text ? Some sorts pests threatening areas parks forests .	'You can find recycling spots in the parks to deal with your trash .
Zhao Cheng often stays up late in order to collect proper topics micro blogs	'forward ads on his micro blogs
Why did Susie and her mum come to the top of the high building ? Because Susie liked pick house among house .	'Because there were plenty of boxes for Susie to choose .
According to the text , Rocky and Kelly involved truck accident	'were lost on a country road
What can we learn about Professor Allen and his team from the text ? They mainly research spare time .	'They have made use of radio waves in their daily life .
After Tom took a spoonful of mustard , he was . angry Jim	'going to hang Jim
The writer thinks that the U.S.government 's definition for the homeless reveals unsympathetic attitude toward homeless	'an insincere attitude toward the homeless
According to the text , which of the following is TRUE ? Milan taken action , air pollution still troublesome .	'Milan has taken some measures and the air pollution is being reduced .
This passage implies that Both best badminton players world	'Hidayat was in a better prepared condition than Lin in the Asian Games
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? The number subjects experiment 29 .	'Scientists have partly understood the nervous system .
According to the passage , companies keep on selling cloned pets to get economic interests	'protect pet animals
Why are people prevented from throwing rice at weddings ? It may cause people fall .	"""It 's valuable and important"
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? For century , fingerprints applied crime solving .	"'The fingerprint classification system has experienced great changes .', ""Henry 's fingerprint classification system was immediately accepted internationally ."
Which of the following is an example of Peterson 's way of teaching music ? She made use contents classes teaching .	'She wrote plays on themes of race 
When the writer was a child , he / she began realize importance food	'found people were crazy about bread
Who was going to retire ? Jack 's grandpa .	"""Jack 's grandma ."
The best title of the text is Decide goal get started	'It is hard to change yourself
How did the students get money according to the article ? By selling bags , baskets books .	'By asking people to donate money .
"What does""iSmell""do after being started by the onscreen image ? It rechanges signal lets go correct smell ."	'It reads the smell code and sends it to the user .
Sign language collection gestures	'is easier to learn than English
The passage mainly tells the readers that Chinese becoming hot USA	'Americans enjoy learning foreign languages
The author mentions Erica 's performance in her study in order to show improper way teaching	'her cleverness in test taking
The passage is told about    teenage girl 's	"""a growing - up boy 's"
The main reason for the busy traffic across Britain next week is that young students travel home Christmas	'young people will travel in every direction
The writer stayed on the bus to the end of the line because he wanted know driver	'to ask about the dog and the moon
What did Franklin make after his talks with U.S. captains ? A map Gulf Stream ..	'A map of the Atlantic Ocean .
If you like sports , you can     A , B C	'buy tickets to watch the games
From the passage , we can learn that in Germany students join private clubs meet interests	'all kinds of high schools are for college
From the passage , we can learn that hardly regret visiting Haleakala National Park	"""Ho'okipa Beach Park wins world popularity for its hospitability"
The best title of this passage is Lefties Have Rights	"""International Left - hander 's Day"
What is the difference between the old flat and the new one ? There rooms new flat .	'The rooms in the new flat are big .
Ontario universities and colleges have been cautious about transferring credits partly to prevent courses becoming similar	'avoid accepting unqualified students
Why did n't the kids escape when walking the dogs ? Because trusted respected teacher .	'Because the dogs needed them .
What can be inferred according to the text ? The U.S. Navy performed Marine Mammal Program 30 years secretly .	'These trained marine mammals eat pounds of fish a day .
Which of the following volunteers can work evening shift ? A worker worked five morning shifts shelter .	'A college student who can work for half a year period .
Bonestell 's success lay in the fact that He helped bring space closer people	'he helped finish the first space flight
What is this story about ? It Alice mother Mother 's Day .	"""It is about what Alice buys for her mother on Mother 's Day ."
If you 'd like to apply for the post of Project Assistant , you must send application 5th July , 2014	"""possess a master 's degree in Sociology"
What would be the best title for this passage ? New world record biggest horse	'Jane Greenman becomes famous for her horse
Viekie Weiner is the person who works programme called ASSE	'works for a programme called LEC
After Mary got well from her illness they began market research book business	'to buy and read more mystery books
What can you infer from the passage ? Some insects afraid smelly chemicals aromatic plants .	'Birds tend to use insecticide to protect the baby birds .
"Why do the post-90s generation create "" Martian language "" according to the passage ? Because hide secrets authorities ."	"'Because "" Martian language "" can make them smart ."
""" Because a quick mind hardly goes along with a weak body . "" means They wo n't think things quickly n't strong body ."	"""They 're weak because they hardly have sports in the day ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? The reason traffic jam people much work .	'The reason for the traffic jam is that more and more people drive cars .
What will the following passage most probably talk about ? Lions ' present living condition Tanzania	"""Lions ' past living condition in Kenya ."
Which of the following can describe a person who wins an election unexpectedly ? dark - horse candidate	'do not change horses in midstream
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? We say pleased feel bad .	'We felt good when we won the prize in the competition .
During the test , people got    different breakfasts sometimes none	'no breakfast at all
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Wang Chen 10 national international championships nowadays .	'54 countries attended the International University WEICHI Tournament 2013 in Shanghai .
The speaker the author mentioned in the passage believed that English teachers held responsible students ' poor command English	"'the language of the younger generation is usually inferior   to that of the older \n generation', ""the students had a poor command of English because they did n't work hard enough"
When she took a mop from the small room what Mum really wanted to do was see patient	'to please the nurse
The best title for the passage is Special bridges help animals cross road	'Endangered animals increase because of roadkill
Which of the following is TRUE ? Jane 's PE teacher n't like fat girls .	"""Jane does n't play volleyball well ."
Which of the following is true according to the next ? Dr. Daniel Wegner believe magic thinking great help .	'Justin Barrett 
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the text ? Reading helps us enter field politics easily	'Reading can help us gain knowledge
Why are books not the thing of Nadia Konyk ? She reading	"""Her mother does n't provide her with enough books ."
What did the husband miss when his wife was 55 ? missed good chance retire .	'he missed the bus .
Which of the following is TRUE ? You receive information environment phone .	'The DEPLOY project has only started in the United States .
Which of the following is NOT true ? If large rock never moves , never break .	'The remains of many plants and animals formed soil .
As to the book , the author might agree that explains many things well aware	'people will give up fast food after reading it
Which of the following is not true ? war , married old doctors ' daughter .	'during the war 
What can we know about Ning Wei from the passage ? He businessman runs school .	'He is an English teacher in an obedience school .
If an ant returns along crowded route to the nest , how does the ant solve the traffic problem ? The ant push newcomer route , traffic jams wo n't form .	'The ant will change the direction of its own .
.What kind of person would probably apply to Palmlace Limited ? One good computer knowledge .	'One with some office experience .
Why did the new boss agree to another 5 % raise when Nicholas asked for 10 % the next day ? Nicholas would feel good earning much others .	'He did not have the right to make such a big pay offer .
What is the purpose of the writer to write the passage ? tell us eat instant noodles safely healthily .	'To tell us how the instant noodles are made .
"Researchers conclude that help teachers children understanding 
 language"	"'curiosity is formed after the children enter school', ""children 's learning patterns are developed at the early age"
In order to relieve children 's boredom , the author would probably suggest adjusting pace life strength stimulation	'promoting the practice of dad - son days
The following statements are true about RDNA research EXCEPT research stopped created animals carry viruses	"'"" super - trees "" might be widely planted around the world"
What is the main idea of the text ? Your job could killing .	'Working out leads to health risks .
The writer wrote the passage show importance good examples	'to give examples on educating children
Which of the following is NOT true according to the letter ? Alice n't want get along well classmates .	"""Alice felt her classmates were n't kind to her ."
It is most probable that the US , Russia , Europe and Japan feel anxious China 's setting space station	'are competing against one another in space wars
We can conclude from the passage that fewer people travel Europe cold weather	'more people are likely to die because of the cold weather in Europe
The passage mainly talks about women driving ability .	'men and their driving ability .
When Mrs White was calling Tom , he was playing computer games ' bedroom	'playing with a dragon in his bedroom
Which of the following is Not TRUE according to the passage ? Gao Wenhuan interview winner election	'China Brief is the monthly magazine of the American Chamber of Commerce
You have arrived at the hotel at 2 a. m. and want a quick meal . What should you do ? Hang message outside door .	'Go to the hotel shop .
It can be inferred from the text that the author seems to worry quality students ' coursework influenced World Wide Web	'blame Sir Tim Berners Lee for having created the World Wide Web
Which is WRONG according to the passage ? Few people enjoying healthy lifestyle .	"""We 'd better drink 8 or more glasses of water a day ."
It is implied in the passage that smoking indirectly leads TB	'it is not very hard to control TB
Which of the following is NOT true ? You look slim eat high fat diet .	'Old couples look similar because they are empathizing with each other .
According to the text , in which way are cats different from dogs ? Cats show feelings tails dogs .	'Cats draw more attention from humans than dogs .
The passage suggests that society asks far much teenage girls	"""teenage girls should n't be so perfect at school"
From this story we know bus ticket cheaper   next week	'Mr. Chen gets up at 6:20 a.m.
What does the writer think has happened to the mobile phone ? It might stolen people DHL .	"""It was lost by AbdulRahman 's brother ."
Which of the following statements is The cat takes fish away shop .	"""The woman ca n't catch up with the cat ."
What can we learn about Washington 's wife ? She could understand Washington helped lot .	"""She did n't like Washington 's idea about building the bridge ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? It takes Earth 365 days run around Sun .	'The Earth only runs around the Sun .
Bob writes the passage   to ask help	'thank Paul
Which of the following is TRUE according to the research ? There risk getting caught lying people phone .	'The participant would receive nothing if he said the coin landed tails - up .
What information can you get from the passage ? It decided yet go .	'There is no extra fees for additional all participant activities .
If you want to improve your listening ability , you may mainly do some practice in Exercise D	'Exercise A
Who will be the winner in the lacrosse game ? The team hit ball net times	'The team who catch and pass the ball faster
What would be the best title for the passage ? Monsters Loved people	'Monster Halloween Costumes
Which of the following is right ? The doctor cleverer bookseller .	"'The bookseller liked to pay everything .', ""The bookseller 's wife did n't want him to go to the doctor ."
The passage mainly tells us something kites Japan	'how a kite match starts
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Whether pandas survive depends ability adaptation .	"'Bamboo is sensitive to the changes of temperature .', ""17 % of the world 's wild pandas are in Qinling Mountains ."
The authors purpose in writing the article is to give introduction Brazil tourist destination	'explain why Brazil will be holding the two sporting events
Jack London went to Alaska to find gold	'find ideas for his books
Why can we put a red flower beside the chore on a chart ? To encourage younger kids chores .	'To know what your kids like .
According to the passage , if the applicants reapply for an academic year , new application application fee required	"'the application fee can be reduced to a half', ""applicants on a reserve list need n't be assessed"
What is the purpose of the text ? To announce open position ALRL .	'To provide information about ALRL .
We learn that as time went by , the author realized harm lying wanted change	'found that shame had a positive effect on her life
We can learn from the text that the author kept touch Frank letters died	"""took down Frank 's name and address to visit him in person"
Walter and Ryan suffered severe illnesses	'were in the same hospital for a long time
What is special about Cedar Point ? It 16 roller coasters choose .	'You can visit Cedar Point on weekends .
"The author quoted   "" he who dies rich , dies disgraced "" in the passage to show He felt strongly wealthy use fortunes benefit society ."	'The wealthy die from their fortunes
The driverless car is safer than an auto with people because software responds emergencies faster human driver	'it uses radar 
Which of the following is TURE according to Helene Guldberg ? Children left cope argument .	"""Teachers should take the task of dealing with children 's argument ."
On the whole , the author holds a view towards the search trail that     search data useful understand people society	'it is necessary to make rules about collecting the search trails
About osteoporosis , we know that develop osteoporosis , likely shorter	'gravity is one of the causes of osteoporosis
According to the text , the first Oxford English Dictionary intended ambitious English dictionary	'came out before minor died
Which of the following is true about Fort Casey State Park ? There many kinds fun activities .	'Climbing is an activity in the park .
What 's the best tide of the passage ? The first baby - boomers retiring	'Old workers in the USare ageing
Air bags are important for cars because also help us keep safe car	'they can keep cars running slowly
What does the writer mainly want to tell us in this passage ? Differences two festivals .	'Food in different festivals .
What is the author 's main purpose in writing the article ? To describe cyclists supported Netherlands .	"""To explain why in Holland cycling is n't eco - friendly ."
"The "" Reuse "" rule mainly requires us give old usable things poor"	'to throw away the old clothes
Which order of steps is followed in carrying out the project ? Design - Prototype - Assessment - Construction .	'Assessment - Prototype - Design - Construction .
We can know from the passage that astronomers probably think     may Earth - like planet outside solar system	'it is impossible to transport humans to other planets .
New roads must be built because old roads busy	'cars can not travel any longer
According to the passage , Sammy Lee 28 attended 1948 Olympics	'never thought he could win medals in diving
What would be the best title for this passage ? Tui Na Your Health	'Organs and emotions
"Vanessa - Mae started her Asian performance tour sell new album "" The Best Vanessa - Mae """	'to concentrate on writing music
The book The Smallest Girl in the Smallest Grade was published by Putnam	'Margaret Ferguson / Farrar 
The aim of National Youth Service Day is to encourage young people serve others	'educate young people on responsibility
When should you attend your sailing lessons ? Tuesdays : 6:00 p.m.-8:00 p.m.	'From Monday to Friday : 9:00 a.m.-4:00 p.m.
Zoos Victoria wanted to help students in disadvantaged and regional schools develop passion wildlife nature	'take action to protect wildlife in isolated areas
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? During whole year , Robert watched TV one evening .	"""Robert 's mother showed him the story in the newspaper ."
What do we know about the talent search project ? Only small part students attend final judging .	'Most of its winners have received Nobel prizes .
According to Dr. Carrie Ruxton , drinking tea helps prevent heart diseases	'over 5 cups of tea a day damage your health
If you want to see the school basketball stars , you can go at 3:00 p.m.-- 5:00 p.m.	'1:00 p.m.-- 3:00 p.m.
Why does Tsinghua University enter the list of the best - looking campuses in the world ? natural setting plays big part .	"'because the amber trees give the students "" a sense of autumn "" come fall ."
One implication of the final sentence in the passage is that appreciate prose fiction appreciate science fiction	'the reader should turn next to commentaries on general fiction
What is the author 's purpose of writing the passage ? To give introduction Welsh .	'To explain a typical Welsh term .
We know from the passage the doctor ways planting trees	"""did n't know how to plant trees at all"
Elijah 's parents try to raise money to process hair wig	'give the Little Princess Trust along with a wig
More and more people are using the Internet because 's easy useful	"""it 's changing and growing"
The author wrote this passage in order to draw people 's attention nursing shortage problem	"'describe the unequal treatment of women in the US', ""tell us women 's free choice of jobs today in America"
In the dictionary you may not find used word first	'how to pronounce the word
According to the passage , which of the following can show that the holiday is special ? It brand new holiday invented celebrated youth .	'It is a wonderful and instructive holiday .
Why do the Swiss couple travel around the world ? To promote Earth - friendly ways life .	'To inspire their children for the future .
What is the article mainly about ? The increasing popularity digital wallets China reasons behind .	'How to survive with no cash or credit cards at hand in China .
What can we learn from Para . 1 ? Online shoppers n't bargain much expected .	"'The result of the study gives customers more confidence .', ""Scholars are n't surprised at the findings of the study ."
The text is mainly about noise pollution	'air pollution
What is the purpose of this passage ? To tell us protect effects stress .	'To tell us how to solve the serious problems caused by stress .
At the end of the passage , who called out to the man ? God	'The men in the rowboat
The author argues that a teacher 's chief concern should be the development of the pupil 's total personality	'intellectual ability
How can the students at East China University of Science and Technology get a coupon ? They finish food return tray .	'They eat up all the food and wash the tray .
The purpose for the author to write this passage is to offer best way start day	'tell you to get up early every day
What was the original purpose of the project State of the Tropics ? To answer life tropics improving .	'To warn people of the problems in coming decades .
The writer has learned from Dan that students learn different ways	'a teacher is sure to reach his students
"Which of the following belongs to the description of "" Vocal "" ? Speak carefully clearly ."	'Repeat the same thing several times .
Why did researchers in London and Bristol carry out such an investigation ? To study whether family structure affects depression men child born .	'To see what kind of family environment is ideal for children to grow up in .
Which of the following may Steve Hornsey agree to ? A moral always exists classic fairy tale .	'All fairy tales are dark .
It can be inferred from the text that Americans travel abroad lot	"'Americans abroad need nothing except a passport', ""children ca n't travel to foreign countries"
What did the airhostess ask the passengers to do when the plane was landing ? To get quickly plane landed .	'To sit calmly after the plane landed .
From the passage we learn that took Horie twenty days cross Pacific time 1962	"'Horie undertook the voyage with a partner this time', 'Horie made his first voyage across the Pacific alone fifty years ago', ""Horie 's destination is 7"
It can be inferred from the text that Amy Chua considers methods useful	"'Amy Chua will change her methods', ""Amy Chua 's children do n't love their mother"
To get the latest traffic information , you could do the following EXCEPT turning drivers information	'listening to the radio for traffic news
The purpose of the passage is to tell us drinking green tea healthy	'what kind of tea one should drink
"The last sentence "" But , in 1970 , five women scientists lived in the deep sea for fourteen days . "" means that women could work men"	'women wanted to live in the deep sea for a long time
In 2005 , astronomer Warren Brown found star speeding away fast .	'a stars was moving away very slowly .
How did the boy 's teacher explain his success of the tournament ? The boy made use judo skill weakness .	'The boy was experienced in playing the games .
What could be the best title for the passage ?      . Six items less make feel better .	'What am I going to wear today ?
The writer probably would agree that autobiographies are good in that encourage people read	'they tell us a lot about the everyday life of famous people
It took a long time for Armstrong and Aldrin to leave the Eagle because difficulty putting space suits Eagle 's small space .	'they needed enough time to get used to the airless conditions on the moon
What does the author intend to tell readers ? How deal greenhouse gas creatively .	'How to find more oil and natural gases .
The author mentions all the following EXCEPT    The Social Democrats Germany shares view Free Democratic Party .	'Russia will try to Ieam something from the nuclear power crisis in Japan .
What can we learn about grey matter from the passage ? The decrease grey matter ACC affects emotion .	'Watching the TV for a long time can reduce grey matter .
Which of the following statements is true about Bill Gates ? Bill Gates failed buy Yahoo .	'Bill Gates set up Microsoft on his own in 1975 .
The purpose of the passage is to appeal    countries cut agricultural emissions	'suggest a total ban    on farm activities
The passage makes us believe that tornadoes may strike quickly often little warning	'tornadoes are mostly seen in the southern states of America
According to the passage we can infer that picture side suspect	'the suspect was easy to be recognized
What can be the best title for the text ? The first Global Children 's Designation	"""Children 's crazy ideas for the country"
The passage is mainly about importance color business world	"'the colors which are popular in the United States', ""the relation between color and a company 's name"
which statement is true according to the passage Traditionally people southern Beijing use coal - burning stove cooking .	'Recycled water will be mainly used for drink .
What is said about skateboarding in the passage ? It good sport help get good feeling .	'It was born in Afghanistan years ago .
"According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true ? The phrase "" tears1 "" means apple tree sad boy asked much ."	"'The phrase "" with tears2 "" means that the apple tree was still happy because she could help the boy for the last time ."
"According to the passage , "" population as a global issue "" deals problem aroused population problem"	"""is quite unlike the population problem and thus does n't need our concern"
Why was the system Partout first developed ? Because many elderly people symptoms dementia .	'Because the families of people with dementia can afford it .
This passage is written mainly to introduce us old cell phones	'warn people of the risks of using cell phones
What 's the best title for this passage ? What roles think CPC plays China ?	"'Why has CPC played an important role in China ?', ""China has become the world 's second largest economy ."
What is suggested in the report ? Using different approaches reduce food waste .	'Cutting food prices .
We can infer from the passage that future cars environmentally friendly	'there will be no gasoline for cars
What did I do after the TV was missing ? I many useful things .	"""I went to my friend 's house to watch TV ."
Which of the following is not talked about in the passage ? Teach cooking .	'Help people in hospitals .
Which of the following may the author disagree ? You join gym want lose weight .	"'Sitting up slowly without using your hands helps burn calories .', ""Eating apples every day is good for people 's health ."
The old man still looked worried because forgot going	"""he could n't get on the train ."
Bob told Jack to find out which barber 's hair looked the worst and then go straight to him . Why ? Because n't worst barber .	'Because he was certainly the best barber .
Why did the boy want to see the king ? To share wonderful things king .	'To get some help from the king .
What do we learn from the passage ? We energy things everyday life strengthen physical well - .	'Water can provide nutrients for us to improve skin tone .
According to the passage , blue jeans began poplar American people 1960s	'were popular with people of different ages in the 1950s
The writer says that home has become much less of a workshop . He means past , home like workshop	'home is much more of a workshop now
In the author 's opinion , the driver 's unwillingness to wait outside the Chemical Bank indicates driver thought wrong support taxi rider unconditionally	'the driver was frightened and wanted to leave him as soon as possible
If Mr. Green(VIP ) , together with his wife and his three schoolchildren watches the movie Chinese Girl , how much will they pay for the admission ? 45 yuan .	'30 yuan .
Which of the following sentences is true according to the passage ? Erickson sure could save boy jumping Creek .	"'Life - saving instruction helped a lot in the incident .', ""Jason 's parents saw him fall into the creek but could n't help ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Encyclopedia answer question every subject .	'Wikipedia can be edited by anyone .
To get the job you want , during the interview you should make stand right person job	"""avoid the interviewer 's questions that are designed to embarrass you"
Which of the following is the best title of this passage ? Save Water Starting Small Changes	'Save Water by Turning off the Tap
What would be the best title for the passage ? Web company helps save ancient language .	'Africa suffers from new technology .
What is Tim 's telephone number ? It 's seven five nine - six three one	"""It 's seven five eight -eight three one"
Which of the following ideas about flash mobbers is NOT right ? After simple actions usually go away slowly .	'They are usually a large group of people .
According to the writer 's opinion , to employ dogs as classroom assistants      . beyond ordinary people 's minds	'can improve the relation between children and animals
Why ca n't we sleep well if we use a computer before bed time ? Lights computers change sleep patterns .	'We feel too excited to sleep after using computers .
The passage mainly discusses economic social benefits educating women	'unequal treatment of boys and girls in developing countries
Which of the following awards is debatable according to the passage ? Turner Prize	'The Booker Prize
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Facts castles .	'The history of Windsor castles .
Why did the scientists carry on the new research ? To find laughter good health .	'To discover the best medicine to cure diabetes .
Which of the following properly shows the change in these privately owned media ? Satellite media getting popular .	'Traditional media also serve racial groups .
The education system called Gooru is made up of GooBall , backpack LCD screen	'an LCD screen and a backpack
What does the move of the bees ' southern limits lead to ? The reduction bees ' habitat .	"'The birth of new bee species .', ""The rise of the bees ' population ."
What causes advances in technology according to Dr. Silva ? Great changes people 's way life .	"""People 's love for nature ."
Why did the author feel guilty ? Because n't help driver , either .	'Because he blamed the driver wrongly .
Which is the best title of the passage ? Different customs giving presents	"""Foreigners ' presents"
Mr. Smith has big cat small one	'two small cats
The author suggests that before a test avoid staying fellow student suffers test anxiety .	"""you should not think that you will be affected by your fellow student 's anxiety"
Whose application is likely to be accepted ? A person sends required application form January 13,2012 .	'A person who used to be a professional head teacher .
What is the purpose of the passage ? To show us make vacations relaxing .	'To introduce the relationship between vacations and health .
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? The Man Moon	'The Moon
What 's the main idea of the passage ? The Olympic Games made smaller less costly	'The Olympic Games have to increase the number of sports .
What 's the best title for the passage ? Deep sleep deep space travel	'Six humans to fly to Callisto
After the author settled down on the farm      . accustomed new surroundings	'she was in conflict with her step - father about farming
What is the text mainly about ? The tradition Christmas trees America .	'The customs of Christmas in America .
In a room filled with smoke , you 'd better crawl on the floor because less smoke near floor	"""you wo n't get burnt ."
The best title for this passage is Computer	'Computer scientists
It can be inferred that Bob 's mother way becoming dentist	"""Bob 's mother works in their community"
What do you think is the suggested reason for some languages disappearing ? Local tongues gradually edged dominant language school , marketplace television .	'The number of people who speak the languages are small .
"By saying "" People do n't want to be bothered by smokers "" ( Para . 5 ) , the author   really means people n't want bothered cellphone talkers"	"""smoking also does harm to other people 's health"
On Father 's Day , businessmen always want people buy many presents .	'children to buy presents only for their fathers .
From the passage , it mainly talk China action taken deadly bombing happens	"""Stray fire from a fight that occurred between Myanmar 's government forces ."
What did Jenny have to do to get the plastic pearl necklace ? She help mother housework .	'She had to listen to her father tell a story every night .
"By saying , "" But look at my arms . I have great scars on my arms , too , "" the boy really wanted to show great mother"	'how deep the scars were
Winner seems to agree to the fact that genes play important role prodigy	'average people have their particular brains
Which is NOT the purpose of this music program ? To give complete background music .	'To study the language of music .
What was the radical feminist 's view point about the male ? The male common enemy .	'Women were exploited by the male .
Which statement may Goulson agree with ? Relocating bumblebees n't much good .	"""The findings of Kerr 's study are doubtful ."
Why did Shanghai Dragon New Media Co. Ltd develop the 5thmedia ? To let special mobile phone users know information quickly conveniently .	"""To attract the public 's attraction to this new form of media ."
In this article , the writer wants to discuss bring gifted children 's potentia	'point out the weaknesses of acceleration for gifted children
What 's the best title of the passage ? China targets ART abuse	'ART is used in China
Most of the students did n't attend the computer course probably because thought computers useless	'they were not interested in computer
What does the text mainly talk about ? The famous director -- Billy Wilder .	'The history of American movies .
According to the passage , which one is TRUE ? Highland gatherings often marked bagpipes dancing	'The film Brave Heart is mainly about King Robert Bruce .
What is mainly talked about in this passage ? Important Roles coffee played history .	'Some interesting stories about coffee culture .
"Which of the following statements is true ? 19-year - old Zhang angry hacker stole "" gold "" ."	"""Confucius 's Analects is like KFC or McDonalds in China now ."
It can be concluded from the passage that lapses always due lack concentration	'people should avoid doing important things during peak periods of lapses
Which of the following is TRUE ? The passage written October .	'Kids in America are good at maths .
What can be the best title of the text ? Recalling Her Daughter , Journalist Killed Syria	'Covering Stories in a Dangerous Conflict Area
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Americans try renting cars strangers .	'There are too many cars in America .
During the football game , students vote to choose Homecoming Queen King	'choose a student as the captain of the football team
According to Frieden , we must take measures without delay to preserve effectiveness of antibiotics , or may effective anti - bacterial drugs use future	"'we will have to develop better medicines in place of antibiotics', ""we ca n't find other medicines to cure serious illnesses in the future"
Which of the following sentences is Wrong according to the passage ? Jim tall , good - looking young man .	'Neither David nor Linda is a real name .
From the article , we can know the writer advises us arrange trips	'likes to travel with tour guides
This is a story about make effective advertisement .	'how a man lost and found his umbrella .
With the help of Fruit2day , Americans can conveniently fruit diets	'add sugar and natural juices to their diets
"Why is the Christmas tree said to be "" the most expensive Christmas tree ever "" ? Because jewellery hung around tree 's branches gives record value ."	'Because the cost pf planting and decorating the tree is too high .
The author 's main purpose in writing the passage is to introduce experiment	'inform people the discovery of a new comet
Increases in distance or speed depend on body feels	'whether you have the best shoes
According to the passage , people choose to be vegetarians for the following reasons EXCEPT live areas meat supply adequate	'they are too kind to put the idea of killing animals
If you wish to spend your winter abroad , which group would you join ? Seniors Head South For Winter	'Snowmobile Adventures
The campaigners started National Buy Nothing Day for the purpose of persuading people spend money wisely	'persuading people to kill time in a different way
How did the two goats in Scene 1 manage to get away from the rock ? One goat lay rock could first leave .	'One goat turned around and went back .
The author quotes Dickens ' description of Oliver Twist mainly to show Dickens full pity poor children	'that Dickens knew well about poor children
How did the author increase his confidence in writing poetry ? He submitted poems magazines contests	'He wrote a lot of poems and asked advice from his teacher
According to the passage , which of the following about Ebola is true ? The Ebola outbreak biggest one history .	'Ebola breaks out quickly but it is under control now .
Which is true according to the text ? Harriet worked blacks till last .	'Harriet was well educated as a child .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Insects use plants telephones	'Communication between different insects
"What does "" human growth hormone "" do while people sleep ? It helps repair body ."	'It helps people rest well .
What can be the best title for the text ? Should Sale Tropical Fish Banned ?	'Is the Tropical Fish Healthy ?
What 's the writer 's point about using telephones before the invention of mobile phones ? People made fewer phone calls .	'Phone calls were much shorter .
The parents tell their children folk stories because want encourage children work hard	'children like listening to them in the evening
What can be the best title of the passage ? Rainstorm Hit Capital	"""Rainstorm Brought Capital 's Fights to a Stop"
What is the best title for this passage ? The History London Police	'London Police Force
What kind of things will go to a yard sale ? Things people longer use .	'Cheap and ugly things .
More than two hundred disabled bikers gathered in Los Angeles to fight chance attend 2012 London Paralympic Games	'gain some experience for the 2012 London Paralympic Games
In Dennis Garrity 's opinion ,    government support farmers planting protecting trees	'there are usually few people living in areas with few trees
"What does the article mainly talk about ? The coming "" Internet things """	'Advantages of living with the Internet
What can we conclude from Paragraph 2 ? Rhinos ' habitat ranges rainforests grasslands .	'Most rhinos live alone .
The writer was angry with Diana Diana n't get Vivien 's sandwich	'because she was too good for anyone
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Asking career adviser help improve skills .	'Losing a job is stressful but is not so painful as the loss of a loved one .
The Technical Director carries orders Director	'works closely with the Producer
The writer wrote this passage to tell us famous British playwrights works	'advise us to spend more time enjoying plays
Scientists who work with the biological sciences study plants animals	'the earth 
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Nature inspired lot inventions continue .	"""How Daimler 's bionic car came into being ."
The best title of the passage is Tips preparing walking	'How to have a walk
If you want to improve your English , you 'll probably join the translation club	'DIY club
The new document of school buses was drawn up as a result of string accidents related school buses	'public response on new safety standards
What 's the best title of the passage ? A strong quake kills 2 Mexico , frightens US states	'A strong quake in Mexico 
We learn from the story that boy quite happy experience author	'the author left the corporation because he broke the rules
Which of the following is FALSE according to the text ? Perls first think living longer matter genes .	'Remaining socially engaged helps a person to live long .
To make it cheaper to have children , the British government is increasing subsidies families nursery schools	'raising the salaries of parents
About English , which of the following statements is TRUE ? English main working language world .	'English is the first language in Denmark .
The author implies that it is very easy to enter a bookshop and buy book unexpectedly fascinates	'a book on ancient coins
We can infer from the story that the author missed days spent cats	'regretted what she had done for the cats
.Lots of parents hated the noise of firecrackers because noise might wake babies .	'firecrackers were too expensive .
. If your kids want to watch performances for free , you can take them to South Bank Parklands	'Roma Street Parkland
Which kind of voluntary work does n't require special experience or skills ? Tree Nursery Volunteer .	'Computer Teacher .
According to this passage , the most cases of H7N9 bird flu virus have been detected in Jiangsu province	'Zhejiang province
Which book is the result of the author 's own need to know more about happiness ? The Happiness Makeover	'Hormones 
It can be inferred that aging problem Germany worst Europe	"'nurses are more badly needed than petrol in Europe', ""liberals always do something for the Europe 's benefit"
"The expression "" not worth his salt "" used today refers to the one who fails work well"	'should not be paid in salt
Scientists did the new study in order to know amount sleep affect child 's behavior	"""why children ca n't get enough sleep"
By mentioning Winston Churchill , the author wants to prove overweight people necessarily unhealthy	'tell us slim people are more likely to die young
According to the passage , teens should ask adults trust help	"""stay away from people who do n't share their values"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? There increase cheating .	'It is forgivable to cheat unless money is involved .
What 's the passage mainly about ? The cause museum feet avoid .	'How to build better museums for children .
Mrs Green hoped that      Mr Green would kiss	'Mr Green would kiss the young woman
The following are all the barbecue ways EXCEPT heating meat bright hot daylight	'drying meat on raised frames of sticks over fires
"By saying "" Some things we think are personal are actually more public than we imagine , "" Cain means that phones used public places people realize"	'people love to share their phones more than they realize
When the Country mouse went to the house of the City mouse , he thinks the City mouse has good house nice food	'bad house and bad food
It is implied in the passage that Indians weak win struggle	'the Indians had many great successes in the Indians wars
Who could be counted as a valid viewer to the Gala show for Guinness World Record ? adult watched live Gala show four minutes CCTV-3	'a teenager who watched duplications on CCTV-1
In the story the relation of the big strong tree to the thin one is like that of parents children	'the young father to the old neighbor
69 . Which of the following statements is Not true according to the passage ? One 's color preference always changeable .	'You can know your friends better through the color they like or dislike .
In Hua Li 's opinion , a combination of country and city will benefit environment lower living costs	'lead to more rural communities being replaced
According to the writer , how can we deal with spam ? Look spam reaches computer .	'But the cheaper products advertised in the spam .
Why are trade names protected by law in many countries ? To prevent products copied .	'To make companies pay for naming service .
Why did the king call all his falconers together ? Because wanted falcon fly .	'Because he wanted to get more falcons .
The main purpose of the passage is to introduce writing contests teens	'tell teens how to enter writing contests
What 's the main idea of the passage ? How Zach got well stepson .	'What Zach did in his spare time .
What is the best title for the text ? Philo Farnsworth : unhappy father television	'How did Philo Farnsworth invent television ?
When the older Navajo heard that the men in front of him were going to the moon , he tried say something moon creatures	'chatted excitedly with the NASA workers
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? A Top - selling Teen Writer Pens Vampire Tales	'Good News for Teen Writers
"Which of the following is TRUE ? Hollywood made lot money film "" Swordfish "" June ."	'Hollywood stopped making films showing terrorism and disasters after the Sept. 11 attack .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Pets may cause frustrating problems .	'Children can play rough with pets .
"Which of the following is Not True according to the passage ? Time always picks individual "" Person Year """	"""Oil and natural gas caused Russia 's economy to come to life"
What is the best title of the passage ? Can anger illness ?	'Is it disordered anger ?
How is the park ? It 's beautiful clean .	"""It 's old but it 's clean ."
For the body part , you 're expected to include views towards book	'the writing style of the book
Which of the following is NOT true ? Suan Ni Hen refers highest food prices ever .	"'Ungeilivable means "" dull "
If you spend a winter in Canada , you will prepare all EXCEPT umbrella sunglasses	'thick winter coats and a scarf
Why do more choices of goods give rise to anxiety ? Shoppers may find lost broad range items .	'Professionals find it hard to decide on a suitable product .
What is the best title for the passage ? The death rituals elephants	'Humans and elephants
Which of the following statement is true about playing computer games ? It makes player concentrate result instead role	'It encourages our brains to think clearly
The old man refused the boy to go fishing with him again because could really understand parents	'he wanted to fish by himself
Which kind of tree is not the ones that scientists are planting in the US ? Trees resist wind better .	"""Trees that worms ca n't hurt ."
The second season is different in that Chinese elements involved	'it has caught the attention of US President Barack Obama
There 's lots of action in the film because they have to fight frightening people	'make the film interesting
According to the passage , enterprises like marketing on micro blogs because ads micro blogs spread widely	'the price of advertising on micro blogs is much lower
Which of the following best expresses the main idea ? Many scientists beginning believe better understanding human beings play decisive role solving world 's problems .	"""a growing number of Americans are doubtful about what high technology can do in solving the world 's problems ."
Zhang Kai and his group do good deeds as Lei Feng by helping primary school students	'helping the old man
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? Danish babies ' names list parents ca n't get permission .	'Each year about 150 - 200 reviewed names are rejected in Denmark .
According to Sauna Cheryan , immigrants risk health order fit	'American traditional foods are healthier
What can be the best title for the passage ? Difference US English UK English	'Similarity between US English and UK English
The main idea of this passage is love need	'love can really cause people active
"According to the second story , the term "" OK "" used call Van Buren 's supporters election"	"'was the short way to say "" Old Kinderhook Club """
Which of the following is right ? Min Sun 's father forgave wife .	"'Min Sun was not as excellent as Yan Yuan .', ""Min Sun 's father divorced his wife ."
Which of the following statements is true about the Copenhagen Homeless World Cup ? Nearly 50 teams competed tournament .	'25
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Nadia better maths students .	'Nadia found some of the maths questions difficult .
What is the best title of the passage ? How dogs say hello ?	'Humans and dogs .
The best title of this passage probably is     Dare dream !	'Why dream again ?
Why are US schools teaching Mandarin ? To prepare students future .	'To help students communicate with Chinese students .
The best title of this passage is Zhaozhou stone bridge	'Great engineer in ancient China
The basketball match showed that aggressive patriotism shown incident	'the Russian team should not have taken advantage of the last three seconds
Mr Katzmarzyk holds the view that taking exercises 30 minutes day still ca n't sit long	"""the study does n't benefit him at all"
Which of the following sentences is true ? Some scientists think mobile phones bad users .	'All scientists think mobile phones are bad for users .
How do people celebrate Buy Nothing Day ? They buy nothing persuade others buy things .	'In England 
What is the author 's purpose of writing the passage ? To explain English weather - speak .	'To analyse misconceptions about the English weather .
What can we infer from the passage ? The author good relationship neighbors .	'Peter and Paul liked to play tricks on others .
Some people want to keep up with the Joneses because they want others know think rich	"""do n't want others to know they are rich"
"According to the passage , the "" school bus "" is bus offered school different public bus"	'the bus that has no difference from the public bus
The new kitchen is designed mainly to offer people new way learn languages	'teach people how to cook French dishes
""" Children is a time when there are few duties to make life hard "" means ""   A child bas duties try hard make living seniors"	"""Children should n't be made to live a hard life"
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Scientists n't sure destroyed part ozone layer .	'Scientists recently have discovered a hole in the Antarctica .
When George realized he had probably lost his gloves , he thought someone found gloves kept	'was calm and confident that he could get his gloves back
What makes a scientist according to the passage ? The way uses tools .	'The tools he uses .
MOOCs have these features EXCEPT that MOOCs provide teachers ' instructions difficulty	"'MOOCs have a platform for learners to share their learning experience', ""MOOCs can be adjusted according to people 's learning pace"
The possible causes of the salmon decrease mentioned do NOT include many salmons eaten ocean capable returning	'abnormal weather patterns broke me marine food chain along the Pacific Coast
After graduating from college , Whitney Johnson began collecting money found UBA	'volunteered at soup kitchens in New York
The writer wrote the passage to teach us concentrate studying	'encourage us to try to concentrate
From the passage we know that Liu appeared front audience millions CCTV 's Spring Festival Gala .	'Liu thinks that manipulation skills is more important than thinking
What would be the best title for the text ? Japan thinks geothermal energy	"'Alternative energies in Japan', ""World 's largest geothermal plant"
The writer wrote the story in order to tell animal got husband wife together	'tell how a woman trained   a wild animal
.It can be implied from the passage that adequacy variety foods mean better school performance	'little research has been done on the importance of breakfast
Brook 's opinion is challenged by the statement that footprints Arctic scientists small	'arctic research is very important
The text mainly tells us that small talks important communication	'substantive talks make people happier than small talks
According to the passage , we know that the author felt hopeless life	'feels sad about the baby camel
Which of the following best describles Kemmons 's mother ? loving , supportive strong -- willed	'Modest 
What do we know about the quadruplets ' parents ? The quadruplets ' mother yet got master 's degree .	'Their parents graduated from Yale University .
Which of the following would probably be the best title for the passage ? The shaper American English	"""Webster 's dictionary"
It can be learnt from the passage that two ways get touch camp	'the camp will give an insurance card to every child
The purpose of Magellan 's expedition was to make voyage Asia	'sail round the world
"By saying "" getting on stage is no small achievement for him "" , the author really means 's easy Itzhak Perlman get stage disabled"	"""it 's very difficult for Itzhak Perlman to play the violin with three strings"
Slaves could buy their own freedom through overtime work	'the Underground Railroad
Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? Americans ' ideas time	'Never waste time
What can we know about Dennis and Martin ? Martin musician American band .	'Dennis spent a lot of money travelling on the earth .
Why does Amazon have to produce more Kindles ? Kindle powerful functions lower price .	'The product Kindle once developed slowly .
"Which of the following is a "" guilty secret "" according to the World Book Day report ? 42 % people pretended read 1984 ."	'The author admitted having read 9 books .
Who was the owner of the pot ? Ali .	'Tom .
"Why does the writer say "" I was glad that he did n't notice when I sat next to him as he just continued to look down towards the floor . "" ? The writer preferred peaceful trip circumstance ."	'The stranger was lost in thoughts .
What is the best title for this text ? A Very Special Reunion	'How to Adopt a Child
Why did the Egyptians search for the permanent essence of an object ? The appearance object features largely reality .	'Egyptian art was thought to be unrealistic constructivism .
Facebook and Twitter are designed to help people keep touch others conveniently	'help people find their true happiness in life .
In order to show honor to our mothers and grandmothers we can share stories children	"""spend the Mother 's Day with our children"
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? people work children cancer paid .	"""the Children 's Cancer Foundation gets money from the children with cancer"
The writer suggests that     smoke enter room open window	"""fresh air ca n't reach the second floor window"
The best title of the passage might be The Development Spacesuits	'Space exploration
The author considers high school the time for us to    develop qualities exist	'take up more part - time jobs .
The text mainly talks about pitcher plants	'carnivorous animals
Which is TRUE about the author according to the passage ? He n't seem animal lover .	'His daughter treats him as her best friend .
Seeing the dog still sitting by the fireplace , old woman would frightened half death	'the old woman would call him to her
Which is the best title ? A Famous Library	'Public Libraries in Britain
This story mainly tells us McDonald 's business started grew	'a restaurant in California in 1948
The author 's purpose in writing this article is to awaken whole society problems today 's college students face	'warn Americans that academic standards are falling
What do we know about Harrison according to the passage ? He devoted helping kids cancer .	'He raised more than $ 500 dollars last year .
From the passage we know that government whole society taking great care flood victims	"'though the town was flooded ', ' you could still go there by bus', ""the flood has n't brought a large loss to the town as nobody died in the flood"
What can we learn from this passage ? The results research satisfactory .	'If a child is hungry at childhood 
The writer considered the guidebook interesting because he found in it many tradesmen serving local villagers various ways	'the names of so many of the shops in the village around
Which of the following in NOT true ? The problem pollution serious many people living earth .	'Many countries are making rules to fight pollution .
If you want to have some coffee while waiting for your flight , you can go to Blue Sky Cafe	'Downtown Duty Free
Norwegian farmers and fishermen have an important influence because lives values represent Norwegian ideal	'they form such a large part of Norwegian ideal
We can learn from the passage that 2010 witnessed one greatest temperature differences record	'scientists used to pay no attention to the effect of cold events on corals
It is a good idea to hold this competition most probably because gardening reflects real character British people	'gardening is popular with people all over the world
What is the purpose of the passage ? To make us aware pollution around us .	'To call on us to guard our water .
Which of the following describes the author 's opinion on poems ? Poems important part life .	"'We can live without poems .', ""It 's a waste of time to read poems ."
"How did the custom of following the "" seventh - inning stretch "" begin ? No one knows sure custom began ."	'Jack Norworth started the tradition with the song in 1927 .
In what way is the American Library of Student Poetry Contest different from the other writing contests ? There deadline submissions .	'Poems must be submitted in September .
Van der Lee and Ellemers ' study shows that research proposals women equally treated men	'men applicants for research funding outnumbered women applicants
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Global warming mainly results greenhouse gases .	"'The phrase "" low - carbon life "" had been popular among young people before 2009 ."
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Michelle Obama 's inaugural ball dress .	'Wu 
Which of the following statements would the writer agree with ? How act mainly depends beliefs .	'Our beliefs are impossible to change
If you carry the Servicecard or the Cashcard , draw money cash machines conveniently	'you can use it to guarantee things as you wish
If this passage is the first part of an article , what might be introduced in the following part ? Tabor 's second wife , Elizabeth McCourt .	"""Tabor 's life ."
What are the main factors that are responsible for the shortage of nurses in America ? Greater career options offered women patients require nurse care	'Women are better educated and provided with more different jobs than men .
The young man got meat	"""knew the elephant was n't good"
On the following evening , I proudly recited poem	'read more stories about Marlo
What might be the best title for the passage ? You Can Learn Love Your Job	'You Will Have Passion for Your Work
We can learn from the passage that upper class powerful influential	'the upper class collects rare books to make money
Which is the best title of the passage ? Different styles learning English	'How to learn English
From the passage we learn that world seems smaller faster communication	'the world is actually smaller today
To apply for a scholarship , the writer does n't mention the credential that need speak foreign language well .	'you need to have good marks at school .
In order to reduce the waste , universities do a lot of things except raising price food .	'trying to make the food as delicious as possible .
They could not find their way back because everything covered white snow .	'there was only one road to their camp .
The best title of the text would be Study Suggests Sitting Less Can Extend Life	'Sitting for a Long Time Is Bad for Us
Which of the following is true , according to the passage ? Butterfly gardens sunny place .	'Butterfly gardens can be grown only in some parts of the US .
In the passage , the writer tells us a fact that online game addiction common problem South Korea	'South Korea has a large number of Internet schools
In order to persuade people to stop shopping , the campaigners different ways make	'stop people going out
If you do n't follow the local rules in a pub , may fail feel local culture	"""you wo n't buy good local drinks"
The main idea of the passage is that We need different friends different life stages	'Everyone needs friends in his life
The writer and her sister were stopped by the agents because suspected carry dangerous objects	'the agents wanted to play a joke on them
According to the passage , such animals as fish and chickens can turn into meat	'plants
When the race began faster runners asked stand slower ones	'many runners fell over each other
When does the architect ( the father 's son ) think of that perch put back ? When faces problems ethics .	'When he takes his own and son and daughters fishing from the same dock .
"According to the passage , the name "" brazil "" is associated with kind tree South America"	'Portuguese settlers
Which of the following statement is TRUE according to the passage ? Adam awarded dedication , bravery self - sacrifice .	"'The first hardship that has affected Adam is to care for Brian .', ""Adam suffers from the genetic disease Fanconi 's anaemia ."
In the end Joe was unhappy about his friendship with Fred because    fact never really understood Fred meant	'Fred had given him the wrong advice on purpose .
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? Chocolate May Cure Coughs	'Codeine : A New Medicine
From the passage we learn international investment companies faith future apps - based car rental companies	'Shenyang banned apps - based car rental companies
What did the boy do to the dog ? He kicked dog , laughed .	'He kicked the dog 
From the passage , we can learn that 'll fined save bison park	'we must keep away from any wild animal
According to the passage , the author tends to hold the view that government make sure citizens feel good level security	'though we get wealthier 
Which of the following is TRUE about the report findings ? Black children lower proficiency reading white children .	"'The reading scores among older children have improved .', ""The reading scores among young children have n't changed ."
Who can participate in the Student Voice conference ? Any student interested education 21	'Anyone working on education .
When the diagnosis came out , author determined save wife 's life	"'the author had little hope that his wife would survive', ""the author 's wife refused to receive radiation treatments"
The passage mainly tells us story Paul 's becoming successful salesman	"'why Paul was not doing his job well', ""how difficult Paul 's job as a salesman was"
The author learned from his own experience that needs able feel well think logically	'what is taught in school is usually of no use .
The best title for the passage would probably be Chinese values American values	'Differences between Chinese and Americans .
All of the following are part of the writer 's advice except that the homeowner keep lights rooms threaten burglars	'buy a security alarm and turn it on in the evening
The passage mainly discusses sex differences demonstrated social relations	'how hormone determines sex differences
How do you understand'Point 1 --The telephone creates the need to communicate,6 ... ' ? People communicate since telephone created .	"""People do n't communicate without telephone ."
What happened to Guo Jingming in 2008 ? He became youngest member Chinese Writers ' Association .	"""He was won the New Concept Writing Competition 's top award ."
The first sentence of the passage is to get reader 's attention	'introduce Skaar and Oksas
Which of the following statement is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? American students time think physical exercise .	'Sporting activities are popular among American students .
What can be inferred from the passage ? Shanghai Disney Resort unique Chinese features .	'The optimal time for the opening of the resort has not been decided .
According to Chesley , what is the best solution to the problem caused by cell phones ? Separate work hours family time .	'Refuse to use cell phones .
According to the last sentence , we can say     Some people think take animals back wild .	"""People should n't go outside home ."
What is the main idea of the text ? Standing work better choice .	'Standing up at work takes courage .
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Take Your Dog Work Day	'Dogs are Popular Nowadays
Dongdong is a much too fat boy , he needs to turn TV exercise	'eat out often
Why did Isaksen advise people not to have foreign pets ? We know much yet	'We need to study native animals
The owner of the eating house told the young man pay smell food	'to pay enough money for his food
Which expression has an historical background ? White elephant .	'White - wash .
This passage mainly tells us about problems facing today environment ways solve	'the unlimited natural resources in the world
Panama disease destroys bananas seriously Black Sigatoka disease .	"""does n't belong to fungal disease ."
From the last part of the passage , we learn that Eddie 's mother missed husband much loss	"""Eddie 's mother liked to listen to the radio"
"Mr. Brown gets to the chair because He wants tell people "" wet paint """	'it is his chair
Why do homing pigeons tend to follow the road system daring the r journey ? Because easier make journey simple following road system .	"""Because their own navigational system does n't work ."
What is this text mainly about ? Some advice height worries .	'Some tips on how to grow taller .
What can we know from this passage ? Darkness create good sleeping environment	'The light from cell phones is harmful
The purpose of the passage is focus present situation left - behind children	'to criticize the migrant workers who leave their children at home
This passage mainly tells us about importance facing failures	'the reasons why people fail
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Playing video games seems beneficial young patients ' recovery .	"""Playing video games too much is bad for kids'health ."
In Ireland most students spend time learning ancient Irish	'like learning English instead of the ancient Irish
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? John n't think hero anyone would thing .	"'John thought twice before he jumped into the cold water .', ""John dived into the water after the boy 's father ."
What can we know about Rose 's husband when he was alive ? He preferred make arrangements ahead time .	"'He knew his wife loved roses more than himself .', ""He gave his wife a pleasant surprise every Valentine 's Day ."
What is the author 's purpose in writing the text ? To introduce technology biometrics .	'To explain the importance of identification technology .
Who wants to play computer games ? Peter	'Barry
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Singles Day celebrated playing Marjong 11 11 pm .	'Singles Day is on November 11th .
The author writes this text mainly to encourage students to take part music camps	'learn different kinds of music
What 's the best title of the passage ? Attending Space Camp Huntsville , Alabama .	"""Being An Astronaut Every Kid 's Dream ."
"What does "" E.S.L. "" in the passage stand for ? English second language ."	'English study learners .
Which of the following is TRUE ? It may six years device put commercial use .	'The seven women participants all got over the disease after the test .
What is the purpose of the passage ? To explain volcano surfing land diving .	"'To tell people not to do dangerous sports .', ""To talk about the world 's best volcano surfer and land diver ."
Why did Mr. Baker go to the railway station on Friday and Sunday evening ?     Because see wife sister brought home .	'To take his sister to his own home .
What can we learn from the passage ? Ollie died happy peace .	'Ollie and his wife had planned to settle in Florida .
Which is the main difference between the author 's new school and the schools in China ? There imposing doors concrete walls new school .	"""The author 's new school is an old one with one - hundred -year history ."
The writer was completely accepted by her husband 's family when dinner bra like ladies	"'she offered gifts to the whole family', ""she spoke her husband 's language"
ANA will fit its jets with a women - only bathroom in order to make airline better airlines	"""cut the plan 's carbon - dioxide emissions and protect our environment"
"What 's the first step in finding a "" win - win "" result ? Getting disputants talk ."	'Letting disputants be afraid of peer mediators .
Which of the following is NOT true accordingly ? You make talking picture raising finger .	'The talking picture system can play messages for 12 minutes at most .
Which of the following serves as the best title ? Got Cold --- The Attitude Can Very Different	'See the Doctor or Let it Be ?
According to the passage , which of the following CANNOT support the opponents of these new bike lanes ? We took used full street road broader .	'Drivers lose parking spots and lanes for cars .
What was the aim of the study conducted by Craig Watkins and Erin Lee ? To find social media affect real - world social life .	"""To know about the 776 young people 's Facebook habits ."
What is the passage mainly about ? Group buying	'The US hot websites
Which of the statements is NOT true based on the passage ? Everyone agrees Darwin .	'Darwin was brought up in Shrewsbury .
An active person may like      yellow , orange , red	'yellow 
Relative information is often left out because author trying show says true	'readers will consider other important information
What is the main topic for the text ? Control recovery rate reach personal best .	'The recovery rate and health .
What does a girl wear at school ? A white blouse blue skirt .	'A white shirt and blue trousers .
"According to the text , Chinese is becoming a "" critical language "" because China rushes toward superpower status"	'Rush Holt introduced legislation calling for opening Chinese
If you are tired you should have a rest in Dr. Sun Yat - Sen Classical Chinese Garden	'the Chinese Cultural Centre Museum
Which of the following is an advantage of the intelligent system mentioned in the text ? It monitors elderly owner without disturbing privacy .	'It can identify different activities of dogs .
What is the main topic of this passage ? Aims purposes foreign language learning .	'The importance of English learning .
What 's the topic of the passage ? A cleanup story .	'Juliet and her mum .
What can be inferred from this news report ? Employers without overseas experiences gaining increasing equality .	'Overseas candidates have received better education and training .
The writer wrote this passage in order to increase sales books	'buy useful and interesting books
What 's the purpose of the passage ? To tell readers finding study children .	'To persuade parents to buy a pet for their children .
The main reason why one side of Iapetus is gray may be that debris biggest ring covers one side Iapetus	"""Saturn 's moons move in the same direction"
Which sentence is right ? The couple often forgot things .	'Only the husband had a bad memory .
Why are companies trying to put medicines into gum ? Because want gum cure diseases .	'Because they plan to make gum more tasteful .
From the passage , a good way to protect our eyesight is to correct posture studying	'go to the Youth Eye Care Centre often
Which of the following may contribute to a longer life span ? Cultivating optimistic personality never losing heart	'Eating the food low in fat and driving with great care
The writer tells us throw rubbish dustbin	'to pour dirty water into the river
Visiting New York Museum , you can know    history America	'the history of New York
What 's the best title of the passage ? Taking Time Off	"'Disadvantages of a "" Gap Year """
What would be the best title of the passage ? After going blind , hairstylist returns work .	'Programs for the blind give them new hope for life .
The young man could n't go to sleep because worked hard became ill	"""he did n't finish doing his lessons"
We can know from Emma Watson 's personal experience that mentors treated way treated boy students .	"'feminism has become an unpopular word', ""her parents did n't love her because she was born a daughter"
From the passage , we can conclude vitamin D vital body absorb calcium needed healthy teeth bones	'the babies who were only breast -- fed certainly need to take vitamin D supplements
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The little prince met writer book desert .	'The secret is the power of knowledge .
What is the best title of the passage ? The Future English	'The Change of English
According to the passage , Masterman received the honor because spectrograph invents costs much less well high quality	"""Masterman 's invention is made of lenses "
"To everyone 's surprise , Jack has been employed by a big company , about which we can say , ""   Every dog day"	'Jack works like a dog
The author 's purpose in writing the passage is call proper amounts homework	"'to criticize the school teachers', ""to attract public attention to kids ' study"
Which of the following about men is TRUE according to the passage ? They play lot women .	'They work as hard as women .
According to Shelly , the most important function of the study is offer information deeper part fault	'to find out where the typical earthquakes occur
Why could n't my sister get the first job in Shanghai ? Because young .	"""Because she could n't find the second company ."
"How can the "" seeing machine "" help blind people ? It describe sees ."	'It can help to treat their eyes .
It is common for people to think it uneasy to pay a visit to dentist	'the Museum of Dentistry
What did Zhai do outside the capsule in space ? He fetched sample solid lubricant passed colleague .	'He walked in space to enjoy the beautiful space scenery .
What is the reason for the speculation according to the head of the U.N. Environment Program ? High food prices .	'Enough rice supplies in some countries .
Which sentence is TRUE ? Air pollution make people sick .	"'Though Mexico city is always covered by thick brown clouds ', "" it 's still a beautiful sunny capital ."
The writer got into art school because of prize writer young	'liking to make things
Which of the following is ture ? Students enjoy taking part different kinds activities holidays .	'Both parents and students think school holidays are perfect .
According to the passage , in order to solve the Internet problem , the authorities of South Korea took the following measures EXCEPT    banning people entering Internet 10 p.m.	'demanding the Internet Cafes to be far away from schools
According to the passage , children are hooked on computers because they can do the following things except developing social skills online conversations .	'searching for the newest app and install them to their tablets or smart phones .
The poster aims to encourage contributions next issue	'declare the rights of Campus Link
Which suggestion do you think Sun Yunxiao does n't agree with ? Parents trust respect children children .	'Teenagers should learn to talk with their parents in a good way .
What can we infer from the passage ? Charlotte Bronte wrote technophobes novel Shirley .	'Daniel would buy her parents a novel written by Shirley .
It can be inferred that Chris Leong may feel unsatisfied long working hours junior programmer	'recommends people to work for the government as a programmer
The passage mainly recommends me     vaccine could treat fatal cancers .	'a sugar that it is decorated with a distinctive shape .
Mrs. Jackson returned the letter to Mr. Jackson because thought could n't post without stamps	"""she thought he did n't know where the UN was"
It can be inferred from this passage that poor ca n't benefit increasing economy	'America is short of housing companies
We can learn from the passage that La Forum des Halles next metro station	'Au Printemps is famous for its food hall
Which of the following statements is true according the article ? Women stand remembering people 's names .	'Men do better than women when it comes to learning English .
What was the best gift that the author got on Christmas Eve ? Alice 's happiness	"""the praise given by Alice 's friends"
The group leader should take care students	'make plans for the family
We can learn from the passage that Both customers Amazon(U.S. ) benefit promotion .	"'The cash rebate will arrive in our account within 30 calendar days .', ""We ca n't get the cash rebate unless we pay the income tax associated ."
Merlin put wheels under his shoes in order to impress party guests	'arrive at the party sooner
Which is the best title of the passage ? Steve Jobs ' time capsule uncovered .	"'A time capsule buried by Apple founder Steve Jobs .', ""Steve Jobs ' plan ."
The writer felt happy that day because found secret learning speak English	'he told his teacher 10 pages of the book
What is Bill ? He 's English teacher .	"""He 's Mr Black 's friend ."
The author may agree that getting enough sleep make people energetic	"'headaches and feeling tired are common in teenagers', ""food makers do n't add much caffeine to many products now"
The best title of the passage is    Are You Happy ?	'The Measurement of Happiness
In US courts , people also use those special names because good way keep person 's identity unknown	'it is not necessary to use real names
Why do Sardinians live so long according to the study ? Because enjoy special genetic environmental conditions .	'Because the environment on Sardinia is very good
The purpose of writing the passage is to introduce Machu Picchu 's mysteries	'ask us to pay a visit to Machu Picchu
Which of the following is mentioned in the passage ? Two different records hospital bed pushing given .	'Hospital bed pushing was a popular sport in Edinburgh .
The passage is mainly about advantages disadvantages blogs	'the use people make of blogs
What Edward Davey said suggests that the government done little solve problem youngsters dropping school	"'pays no attention to the problem with youngsters dropping out of school', ""is doing its best to deal with 17-years - olds ' problems across England"
What do we know about the author ? The author thinks invention cars leads many problems .	"""The author does n't want a car ."
Which of the following is Not True about skin - diving according to the passage ? There 's enough light water time .	'You feel lighter when you go under water .
The author wrote this passage mainly to advertise BlackBerry PlayBook	'talk about the development of the Internet
According to the author , a liberal arts college should focus on basic skills needed change lifelong learning	'practical skills urgently needed in current society
What is the best title for the passage ? An offering	'A wealthy man
What is the purpose of the passage ? To argue benefits dull work .	'To present some facts about dull work .
Which is the best title for the passage ? Opinions About Thanksgiving	'How to Eat Turkey
Which is the best title of the article ? London	'Greater London
Eddie became a student of medicine at university reasons unknown passage	'because he thought medicine was more important than music
Which of the following can best state the main idea of the passage ? Some English expressions monkey .	'Monkeys are connected with our life .
Elizabeth Radsma never saw chocolate during the war because US soldiers never showed small town lived	"'the German soldiers kept them all for themselves', ""the British soldiers did n't share it with the local people"
Children can study better and easily on TV because   hear watch time	'they like to watch TV
In the Denver Zoo ten - foot - tall mounds are built to create natural environment lions	'separate lions from other animals
What 's the best title for the passage ? Guide dogs mind .	'Dementia 
April 23rd is World Reading Day .	'China Reading Day
How didscientists from Ohio State University find out the number of facial expressions ? They studied people move facial muscles .	'They studied how people move their eyes .
Which of the following statements is TRUE about the new study ? It made possible measure benefits brought lifestyle changes .	'It discovered some lifestyle changes which can lead to better health .
Why do you need to tell someone your exploration plan before setting out ? To saved case accident .	"""To tell him / her what 's going on with the group members ."
Psychologists ' conclusion is popular among people probably because everyone sees chance succeed practice	'hard work plays as important a part in success as IQ
Which of the following statements is true ? The farther people walk , greater direction bias grows .	'People walk straight in the day .
What is the passage mainly about ? The reasons becoming story - writing teachers .	'A way of finding a part - time job .
Music in public places becomes noise pollution because made hear someone else 's choice music	"""it 's played at the airport"
This passage mainly talks about closer U.S .- Chinese cooperation	'serious trade friction combat global warming
What might be the best title of the passage ? Climbing stairs , climbing health .	'People loving stair climbing .
What do experts think people did after the village parties ? Put dead   river .	'Returned to live at Stonehenge .
Why does Slieman Hakim feel happy ? He need n't share computer sister homework .	"'He is offered a free computer to do his homework .', ""He does n't have to do his homework at home ."
According to the passage , we are different from animals because of Respect	'Honesty
What can we know from the passage ? The cracked pot watered flowers along path .	'The water bearer felt sorry for the cracked pot .
After experiencing the American school life , Mike thought A better education include something good America Germany	'German schools trained students to be better citizens
Why did researchers analyze the DNA of the bacteria they found ? To decide whether bacteria kinds .	'To search for the way microbes pass from one member of a family to another .
What can we infer from the passage ?     Though love main theme Titanic , also reflects social problems .	"'The segregation problem in the society can be solved by using the light .', ""Because of the director 's talents "
What is the passage mainly about ? Games real life .	'The popular games .
Which of the following might Margolis agree with ? Americans introduce parties .	'Britons enjoy talking about their feelings .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The girl next Peter wearing red sweater .	"'Peter always takes his mobile phone to school .', ""Many people do n't like using mobile phones ."
The mother ask the question again after the grandfather died because moment answer seemed especially true .	'the answer was a way of honoring the grandfather .
Which of the following is right ? Smiling helpful .	'Smiling is difficult .
The aim of setting theSlow Reading Clubis to encourage people to enjoy slow reading	'share their ideas about a certain book
What might be the best title for the passage ? Does exercise really make us smarter ?	'Is it necessary for us to take exercise ?
"Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Not people think "" born 1980s "" selfish irresponsible ."	"""The development of information technology contributed to the ' 80s'greater awareness of itself ."
"The writer mentions Archimedes ' "" Eureka""and Newton 's apple to show that people may get inspiration idle"	'Archimedes and Newton were very busy 
Pick out the right statements from the following     Stadacona Indians called Quebec	'Quebec was a village and Stadacona was another
From the passage we can see that 23 % Chinese workers died pneumoconiosis 55 years .	'200 million workers suffer from workplace diseases and injuries
What does the article mainly talk about ? A Chinese girl 's culture shock experience US .	'Differences between the Chinese and the US people .
What 's the best title of the passage ? A famous writer .	'Books about detectives .
The passage is talking about health problems hot weather ways stop	'all kinds of terrible natural events in the world
Why do n't the monkey and the rabbit want the elephant to be their friend ? Because elephant big strong .	'Because the elephant is scared of them .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? People UK often record TV programs .	'People in the UK like to do sports in the morning .
According to the text , we can infer that Alain Robert climb Taipei 101 second time	'Alain Robert spent three hours climbing Taipei 101
Van der Lee and Ellemers carried out the research to find out whether female applicants disadvantage getting research funding	"'women are less successful than men in top academic positions', ""NOW 's procedures and gender diversity policy enhance fair play"
It can be inferred from the passage that author earns living writing stories	'the author is a fat but good - looking woman
What is the passage mainly about ? How Hillary Norgay conquered Qomolangma .	'The life and achievements of Edmund Hillary .
On the earth , little water living	'sea water is widely used than fresh water
Which of the following would Lisa Guernsey most probably agree with ? Parents children n't tend read e - books together .	"'E - books can help children develop early reading skills .', ""E - books replace parents ' role in their children 's reading ."
"Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Robert Maurer studied "" kaizen "" found helpful ."	"""You ca n't find any excuse not to reach a big goal ."
What might be the best title for the text ? Ready Pet ?	'Dogs Are Dogs
What 's the main idea of the text ? Scientists must look carbon footprints .	'The importance of arctic research is not at question .
This passage is probably about life cause John Denver	'a book written by John Denver
What is the main purpose of this article ? To report results study causes food poisoning .	'To discourage people from cooking so much meat at home .
What can we learn from the passage ? It easier companies find high - skilled workers India .	'Colleges require higher math and reading skills than companies .
Something interesting will happen to the time if you travel because day fewer twenty - four hours ,	'a day has always fewer than twenty - four hours
According to the passage , we can learn that Anna chocolate pudding lunch Tuesday	"'Louie hid all his chocolate cookies after the bet', ""Aunt Irene visited Louie 's family on Wednesday"
"What is "" Photoshop Law "" about ? Banning underweight models advertising ."	'Banning the use of underweight models .
"What is the best title for the passage ? The world 's first "" self - watering "" plant discovered"	"'How plants \' "" self - irrigating "" mechanism works"
Our moral dilemmas lie in the fact that moral rules harmful well beneficial	'are against individual benefits
The best time of the day to read stories to a child is child quiet peaceful	'when the child is still active in the early evening
People worry about students shopping online because students time waste easily attracted buy bad things	"'may depend too much on online shopping', ""have n't met the online store owners"
According to the passage , which of the following statements is true ? Parrots raised Robin could talk well .	"""Robin 's dog may be still alive on the island ."
Why did Jamie 's boyfriend ask her whether she had broken up with him ? She showed facebook still dating anyone .	'He had seen photos of Jamie dancing on the table .
"What does the writer mean by saying "" fortunately for most of us "" ? That enjoy traditional Japanese food Japan ."	'That most traditional Japanese food can be enjoyed everywhere .
Kathmandu is famous for scenery , shopping malls hotels	'the large population 
After reading this passage , we know that The three kinds training links one another	'Yoga is really better for people than running
The main focus of the scientists ' research was milk drinking first started	'mutation of human genes
The glue produced by the marbled frog is used for preventing anything tying attack	"""sticking the snake 's head"
What do we know about the online tutoring ? Tutors students different places .	'Indian tutors are helping to teach math in Britain .
If you want to take exercise and go climbing after settling down , you may choose Comfort Suites Kodak	'The Swinton Hotel
A controlled forest fire may play a positive role because promotes development seeds	'a new forest will appear soon
Which question is NOT answered in the interview ? How many books plan write ?	"""How does she think of her mother 's language ?"
What is the passage mainly about ? Poor air quality contributing lung cancer .	'Medical researches on environment .
What can we know about the Christmas Bird Count from the passage ? Its results seen Audubon 's Christmas Bird Count website .	'It was organized monthly by the National Audubon Society .
After reading the passage , we may decide that important industrial city , Salem strong cultural atmosphere	'Salem is a preferred city for millionaires now
What would be the best title for the text ? Key West , Florida : A great vacation city	'Key West 
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To introduce new business model .	'To advocate sustainable development .
"The best title of the passage should be ""   China 's icebreaker Xuelong headed open water"	'There are enough entertainment facilities on Xuelong
According to the passage , we can know that probably take Ishanga long time return nature	'Ishanga is eager to leave the community after recovering
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Chinese literature needs still better translators .	'Mo Yan won Noble Prize for Literature .
According to the researchers , jumping rope helps brain hemispheres work together	'only prepares the brain for learning
For what purpose does the author write the passage ? To express deep love Hong Kong . ks5u	'To describe her sad memories in Hong Kong .
Which of the following is best suitable for the blank in the passage ? Raised risk	'Ways of quitting smoking
"The word "" relieved "" can be used to describe Santi 's feeling     longer worried cat"	'when he was playing with the remote control
""" Genetic learning "" refers to learning obtained members generation happen behave properly"	'learning after an animal is born
What did n't the writer and Alice do during the vacation ? Went beach .	'Went to the concert .
The main idea of the passage is that 's time strict kids	'parents should leave their children alone
What might be the best title for the passage ? Negative Sides Beauty	'Blessed with Beauty
Which of the following has nothing to do with April Fool 's Day ? The origin spaghetti	"'April "" Gowks """
The author 's job as a volunteer in Bolivia was to look prisoners ' children	'meet volunteers from other countries
. The husband thought chemist could give answer	"'the letter was for the chemist', 'the chemist would give them the right medicine', ""the chemist could n't read "
If you go to London in December , you will not be able to     tour Buckingham Palace	'visit Windsor Castle
When the two donkeys returned , why did they no longer have to work ? No one knew donkeys .	"""They did n't want to work ."
Which of the following could be the main idea of the passage ? Grasshoppers change songs adapt noisy environment .	"'Bow - winged grasshoppers use their songs to communicate .', ""Grasshoppers ' songs include both low and high frequency components ."
What is love according to Terry ? Love cheers tired .	'Love is the care between husband and wife .
"The young woman stopped the car because She wanted help "" old woman "" bad weather"	"'"" the old woman "" asked her to do so"
Why was the writer dumbfounded when he opened his suitcase ? He facing things belong .	"""His own blood test report has changed into an old woman 's ."
The observation of weather conditions by satellites is advantageous because information obtained readily otherwise gained	'it enables man to alter the weather
According to the passage , sharing bread help develop unity	'indicates a lack of food
Why are football fans different from fans in other sports ? They different habits practices fans sports .	'They are more violent than other fans .
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Put potted plants saucers case roots rot damp weather .	"'It would be better to water the plant in the evening than in the morning .', ""It 's necessary to water newly - planted trees once a week in the first summer ."
Who might be most interested in this piece of information ? Researchers employee turnover .	'Job hunters .
What can be the best title of this passage ? Being Bilingual	'The English Only Movement
The New Madrid fault is vertical fault	'a horizontal fault
Which of the following is TRUE about a smart home according to the passage ? Smart homes costs lot money present .	"""Smart homes ca n't help feed pets nowadays ."
Which of the following statements about homonyms is NOT true ? Their ambiguity brings great trouble life .	'They share the same spellings regardless of meanings .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Any bird come bird feeders eat .	'People buy animal food only at the animal food stores .
According to the study sponsored by RSA Data Security , two thirds of the subjects exposed drive - hacking	'had most of their company data stolen
Jewish parents in Eastern Europe longed for their children to attend music school because would allow access better life West	'Jewish children are born with excellent musical talent
Which of the following statements about dog waste is true ? It better wash dog waste toilet bury landfill .	'It makes a kind of natural fertilizer of high quality .
From the passage , we can learn that different festivals different customs	'Australia Day is an important day for family members to get together
Which of the following about Zhang Wenchi is right ? His bone marrow chosen match patient Fujian .	'He donated bone marrow at a hospital in Xiangyang .
Now doctors can repair the damaged corneas with the following methods Except using finger tissue	'by taking cells from a healthy eye and growing them in a dish
From the passage , we can know that a boy looks like his parents because parents ' DNA decides appearance .	'he has received DNA from his father or his mother .
She chose to cycle home because She wanted liked bravely	'Wang Yujiang invited her to keep company
From this passage , we can conclude that parents try best avoid spanking children	'good children always do the right thing
What is the author 's main purpose in writing the article ? To give tips applying US college scholarships .	'To explain where to find scholarships for US colleges .
Which of the following roles are performed by BIAZA ? Checking zoo conditions arranging animal exchanges .	'Organising animal study projects and training zoo workers .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Teenagers spend much time electronic products .	'Teenagers need 4 to 7 hours of sleep each day .
What has reduced the average amount of time American housewives spend on housework ? Housewives ' full - time employment labor force .	'Dozens of motors and thousands of electronic chips .
What 's the passage mainly about ? Why gap year worthwhile adults .	'How an adult plans a mid - career gap year .
The passage suggests that people with sleep problems should follow fixed timetable sleep	'make up for lost sleep on weekends
.The writer wants to prove that a long time ago the Chinese could reach many parts world sea	'carried silk 
What would be the best title for this text ? Development Online Banking	'Banking of Various Forms
Which of the following is NOT true ? Many people go Hainan 's hot .	'There is no winter in Hainan .
What can we know from Dr. Howard Weiss ' words ? He believes Thacher 's study .	"""Thacher 's study is not convincing enough ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Hitler wanted father children .	'The boy was both clever and courageous   .
Which of the following arguments is NOT used to support the writer 's conclusion ? You need make decisions .	"""It 's best to do what you want ."
Why does the author write this passage ? He wants inspire people treat animals friends .	'He wants to make animals become our sisters and brothers .
Which of the following would be the best title of the passage ? Bend , n't break .	'The bamboo trees .
When did he begin Microsoft Company with his friend ?    He 20 years old .	'He was 13 years old .
It can be inferred from the passage that The cane toad likes warm wet weather .	'The cane toad bites its enemy dead when it is threatened or handled rudely .
According to the text , which of the following is true ? Americans variety food choose .	'Americans all prefer to buy cherry tomatoes from Mexico .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Share talent helps improve .	'Take pride in your achievements however big or seemingly small they are .
What is the main topic of the reading ? The difference two movie industries .	'Famous stars in Bollywood .
What opinion does the author most probably hold ? The future 'll depends every one us .	"""Humans should n't try to improve their lifestyles ."
How do mercury and PCBs come to our food supply ? Mercury PCBs -- particles -- organisms-- fish -- food supply	'Mercury and PCBs -- water --fish -- particles --food supply
The rich man took his gold cup to the King . He thought could get much money poor man	'the King would give him the biggest orange
The author discovered the pickpocket because purse heavy felt removed	'his handbag was specially made to stop pickpocketing
With many dams built across the rivers , fish face dangerous habitat	'will be fed on more sediments rich in nutrients
What is the main reason of forbidding students to take their phones to school ? Using phones may bring many problems .	'Using phones in school often makes students get into trouble .
"Which of the following is NOT the reason why people do n't accept evolution ? They fear become "" mere animals "" ."	"'There is always a war between evolution and religion .', ""Some religious tenets ca n't be proved by science ."
What do we know about the E - cu phone ? It highly conductive copper cover .	"""It does n't have a battery or a charger ."
What does the prince do after the fox tells him a secret ? He realizes love rose gets back planet .	'He meets more many strange adults on other planets .
How did Yuuki save the villagers from the disaster ? He set fire rice fields .	'He explained why the sea was flowing out .
What would be the best title for this passage ? American Music .	'Fold Music .
The man went to a Detroit hotel one day to stay night	'get his money back
What can be inferred according to the passage ? Drug sellers use students sell drugs .	"'The UK has the highest number of drug users .', ""British police ca n't give people blood tests for drugs ."
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? . The hotel opening two wizard chambers originated way create kid - friendly environment .	'All of the books of the spectacular    Harry Potter series were released seven years ago in 2007 .
The crowd changed their attitude because moved young man	'they felt sorry for the young man
Why is it much slower to play beach volley ball than regular volleyball ?   Because easy job move sand	'it is a workout running for the ball
What is the main idea of the passage ? The brief introduction Ji Xianlin .	"""Ji Xianlin 's ideology ."
It could be inferred from the passage that men happy share household responsibilities wives .	'men and women will never share the same goals .
What is important to learn English ? To practice English every day make record achievements .	'To read English every day .
The United States is special in Father 's Day because America makes official day	'many people celebrate the day
In the author 's eyes , the Christmas tree symbol long - lasting relations	'is a collection of childhood memories
Which of the is true according to this passage ? His brother left doubtful future .	'He went to Europe after an argument with his brother .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is true ? Your order takeout restaurant sent home .	'There exist great differences of rules in different restaurants .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Firms urged cut carbon emissions shoppers ' environmental awareness .	'Businesses are finding ways to send their message to the shoppers .
Which of the following statements is true according to the article ? Orangutans originally found Indonesia Malaysia .	'12 zoos are involved in the program in the US .
What can be concluded from the passage ? Happy satisfied	'Happiness lies between the positive and the negative
What does the research carried out by Amy Pollick and Frans de Waal probably indicate ? Human speech may develop gestures	'The apes are the closest species to human beings
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The author n't take teacher 's words heart first .	'The author thanked his teacher for teaching him to work in long stretches .
In the writer 's opinion , what should we do now ? Encourage young children take STEM .	'Show the students the advantages of STEM jobs .
Which of the following is probably true according to passage ? The pigeons like food people give .	'The robots will fly around the city center like real birds .
The passage may imply that Thomson Reuters employ journalist like Chuck Tatum	'Typewriters are more popular to the journalists than laptops
The result of the experiment mainly shows that eating less may bring longer life	'the mice eat more than the scientists thought
The author says that today 's parents bombarded excessive amounts child - care literature .	'are only towards children from happy home backgrounds .
Which of the following statements is true ? Non - smokers better subjects performing simple tasks .	'Active smokers in general performed better than deprived smokers .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Originally designers thought could solve problems iPhone 4 launched .	'There are multi - colored models of iPhone 4 .
When you are in the park , you can not see amusing movies like	'watch fallow deer 
Which of the following is n't included in the jobs of the shuttle Discovery ? Finding cause shuttle Columbia came apart .	'Delivering supplies to the International Space Station .
Which of the sentence is NOT true about Liu Zehao ? He adult tried make money company .	'He was interested in Junior Achievement which brought him the real world of business .
Most people will be frightened if required turn green living completely	'they are asked to do something to save the environment
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The Marine happened old man 's son 's friend .	"""The Marine did n't know the old man at all ."
What determines the degree of bullying 's effect on people according to the study ? The age first bullied .	'The reason why they are bullied .
Which is the new PGL holiday for 2013 ? Cook 's Academy .	'Film Making .
In what ways do children suffer from television ? The programs make children lose interest world .	'They spend hours watching television instead of doing school work
Which of the following is TRUE ? They pay less 10 dollars meal .	"'Amy is a fat girl .', ""Brian likes to have dinner in McDonald 's ."
Evidence from the bone of the child shows that habitat ancestor Africa	'its ancestor moved to Europe 1
According to the text , why was it easier for Laura Straub to find American families for foreign students ? More mothers n't working outside able afford look children .	'American school systems were better than now .
We get to know from the passage that Richard Nixon liked American people	"""Richard Nixon did n't win the election in 1992 ."
Chengdu has the best teahouses in China because serving teahouses Chengdu special	'there are many people in Chengdu teahouses
According to the passage , Adam Smith was the first person       to understand effects division labor	'take advantage of the physical labor
Happycow app is designed for those who prefer vegetables	'local foods .
In this passage , what is the significance of the Clean Air Act passed by American Congress in 1990 ? It increase consumers ' demand ethanol fuel .	'It may increase the cost of producing gas .
Michael went into the park because he n't want worry mother	"""did n't like his mother to notice him ."
What is considered as a measure of how much one has remembered ? The time difference relearning .	'The length of the list .
Which of the following rules the children should follow ? A , B C	'Where possible 
If a woman wants to have a child , she may say ready baby age body	'she needs to have a child because of the family pressure
In the art class , the writer got know lively girl	'talked about her past holiday
Which of the following was most important in helping her career take off ? acting movie Selena	'releasing a second album
What gave Khan the idea of teaching math online ? His success helping cousin learn math .	'His discovery that many students found learning math difficult .
On the ocean floor , the divers found that fish swimming freely near surface	'there was no life but some small dead sea creatures
Research shows that in the short term recovery sleep work	'a nap have no effect on work
What was the bad news that Peter told Jack ? The town decided Halloween year .	"'Bad weather would come and it was bad for Jack .', ""Too many pumpkins rotted away '"
Which of the following statements can be inferred from the passage ? Mary little lamb developed close friendship .	"""Mary 's mother was also fond of the little lamb ."
According to E.O. Wilson , we desire nature probably because inherited    ancestors dependent nature	'people have lived with nature for thousands of years
What can we infer from the passage ? Visiting 9/11 Memorial Museum educational .	'Future generations have the duty to protect museums .
According to the text , which of the following statements is true ? People donatemore money feel watched .	'People pretend to behave worse when they are watched .
MOOCs have been considered likely to reform education since popularity course Artificial Intelligence	'the wide application of online education
What 's Angela Corey 's attitude towards this case ? She wanted defend justice victims .	'She hated George Zimmerman very much
According to the survey of The Gallup Organization people are most likely to become happier come old age	'when they are between ages of 18 and 85
Which of the following statements is right ? one make many friends hobby classes .	'Students can take all hobby classes for free every term .
Which statement is NOT true according to Wu Hao ? A good grade important good student .	"""A student 's personality is more important for a role model student ."
According to Ms. Chua , Chinese way of parenting is powerful because parents high expectations children	'parents set good examples to children
According to this passage we know that games long history	'people began to play pingpong about one hundred years ago
According to this passage , what causes the inequality in the workplace ? women 's less negotiating	"""women 's poorer working ability"
Why did the author take the pointer home ? It caught attention right away n't want killed .	'Its eyes made her think it was the best dog available .
Which of the following is mentioned to show that an earthquake can kill too many people ? The 1976 Tangshan earthquake .	'The 1972 Managua earthquake .
From the passage we know that Alan came back home afraid fourth dinner	'Alan left the farm because he missed his family
Why did the author use to take freeways to her parents ' home ? It would faster easier .	'Her kids would feel less confined .
In order to protect more deer from being killed , one way is to kill wolves	'keep deer away from wolves
The main idea of the passage is that English language always changing	'there are new ideas in English today
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text ? Communication , electricity transportation affected .	'All the hospitals in Haiti were destroyed in the earthquake .
What Jill Benza said shows that students used soy products	'it is hardly possible to make soy products popular
The purpose of the passage is tell advice given foreign experts traffic congestion 2008 Beijing Olympics	'to limit the use of private cars 
We may infer from the passage that Boat transportatio n Ellis Island	'visitors prefer to go to Ellis Island by boat
Why did a traffic jam happen on the road when the author was walking to the park ? A taxi driver could n't start engine .	'Truck drivers attempted to go ahead of others .
How much will you pay if you want to rent a new apartment ? At least PS 185 per week .	'At least PS140 per week .
How did the dog help save Jack ? By leading Ann Jack 's room .	'By breaking the door for Ann .
This article is written to advise people use smart phones properly	'to stop using smartphones
Which of the following can NOT be inferred from the passage ? All young people 3rd Century could get married freely .	"""Valentine 's Day is a Festival in honor of a person ."
Which of the following is Li Hongbin 's idea ? People need make pollution less , although might cost lot .	'The life expectancy had been cut by 5.5 years .
What happened to GG 's baby sister ? She died disease young age .	'She envied her sister all her life .
What would be the best title for the text ? International Business Culture	'Misconceptions in Business
Bernard chose silver iodide as a method of cloud seeding because similar	'it is much cheaper than dry ice
From the passage , we can infer that Little Shenyang earns lot money .	"'Little Shenyang is the most popular comedian in China .', ""Few people like Little Shenyang 's performance ."
What lesson can we learn from the story ? Reading books change person gradually .	'It is foolish to carry water with a basket .
It can be inferred from the passage that if a perfume contains ambergris , probably expensive	'its user probably supports whale hunting
According to the passage , the author told Stephen deal study .	"""would n't have met Stephen without the introduction of Philip"
"The author believes that "" official nicknamers "" usually feel bad"	'those who have hurtful nicknames are not confident
What is the best title for the passage ? Stop trying impress people .	'Whose opinions do you care about ?
We learn from the passage that in this holiday season      . hit toys come onto market	'it is hard to find traditional toys in the market
What is the text mainly about ? Continuing drought forces Australians drink recycled sewage .	'Australians face the choice of life and death .
From the passage we can infer that fist school year 's success plays important role college career	'every college student is to get a high GPA when graduated
What can we learn from the passage ? Dogs may easily show pessimistic outlook learning ability .	'Dogs must be in a permanent bad mood when their owners left .
What do we know from the passage ? More half respondents serious foot problems .	'The number of men and women who have foot problems is similar .
The author was at a loss   when kids fought toy fish	'Drew handed her the toy fish
What is the passage mainly about ? Whether taxpayers pay online schools .	'Whether students should study at online schools .
Drinkers may be more at risk of violence because of all the following EXCEPT higher frequency hitting people	'reduced physical co - ordination
We can infer that using solar energy good saving polar bears	'nothing can prevent the extinction of polar bears
The author 's father watched behind the hedge because concerned son 's safety .	"""he did n't want to meet his son at the doorway ."
What is the purpose of telling Xiaoben 's experience ? To show win - win situation micro - blog marketing .	'To strengthen micro - blog based marketing .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Australian Sunda plates ' striking caused Indonesia Monday 's 7.7-magnitude earthquake	"""The Pacific Ring of Fire is the world 's second most active region"
What do we know about the Bronte sisters from the text ? None lived longer 40 years old .	'None of them had more than two books published .
When Mr. Smith comes back home , he always wants go bed early	'tells Mrs. Smith many interesting things
Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? James studies hard physics .	"""James'speaking is good ."
The purpose of the home page of your website is direct people pages	'to give a list of all the contents of your website
The whole passage centers on choosing career according one skilled	"'acquiring knowledge by working hard at school', ""finding one 's strong and weak points"
The author of the passage says that runs taxi driver makes , gets	"'the taxi driver works longer than is necessary', ""the taxi driver does n't like to work for others"
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? She became blind deaf sometime January 1882 .	'Helen Keller was born blind and deaf .
Which of the following is NOT the reason why the father said yes to a BB gun for his son ? The father thinks son ca n't live without gun .	'The father wants to satisfy his son .
Which of the following is true ? You watch TV cave hotel .	'You can live in the ice hotel in Greenland in October .
What is the text mainly about ? The disadvantages phone usage bed .	'How to promote sleep .
The article is mainly about differences schools China America .	'schools in China .
The case of the student who first studied accounting and then financial investment shows many people decide majors without knowing interest	'accounting and financial investment are necessary to ensure a reliable career .
We are told that in an average family about 1990 four five children died five	'many children died before they were five
According to the page , Dudley made set braces cost less 5 dollars	'has got a 3-D printer at his home
What do we know from the reply letter ? The plane turn back anyone aboard seriously ill .	'The pilot did the right thing in spite of the fierce resentment .
What can we learn from the story ? Think twice spread piece news .	"""Do n't tell a lie to a philosopher ."
Why do Hindu and Buddhist pilgrims go to Himalayas and pray to God ? Because believe mountain peaks sacred .	"'Because the word Himalaya means "" home of snow "" ."
What is the opinion of the language experts ? Dialects protected Putonghua widely used .	'Putonghua should be taken place by local dialects .
Form the article , Apple was successful because Steve Jobs Steve Wozniak worked well together	'Steve Jobs was a computer Genius
From this passage we can infer that Volvo sales centers developing fast China recently	'The Ninth Tianjin International Automobile Trade Show was held from Friday to Wednesday .
What is the best title of the passage ? Helping Teens Build Reasonable Structure .	'Training Teens to Become Responsible Adults .
According to the passage , you may get some infectious diseases arriving Hong Kong	'when arriving in Hong Kong
We know from the passage that clerk n't know Wild behaved like	"""Wild did n't pay for the honey and the chocolate syrup"
From the passage we know that sixteen countries members space program	'the ISS costs less than people expect
The author begins with the lines from The Graduate in order to emphasize sharp contrast	'show that few graduates started working right after graduation
It can be inferred from the text that all the four classes held Rosewood Center Family Arts	'are intended only for Grades lst --2nd
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Billy bought diamond ring .	'Billy is living with a generous person .
"Which of the following statements is TRUE ?     "" President "" "" chairman "" titles overseas ."	"""Xi 's arrival was arranged ahead of time ."
What does the author intend to tell us in the case of HP ? A true apology needs sincere actions .	'HP should recall all the faulty computers .
The two guys decided to go to the University of Virginia because thought could pass final easily	'they were afraid of the final
This room is Li Mei 's	"'Li Mei', ""Li Mei 's mother 's"
We can infer    from the report that Stacy n't support Lucy Li play US Open	"""Stacy does n't feel surprised that the 11-year - old player can play in the US Open"
What does the passage mainly tell us ? New lunar calendar tells Hawaiians fish .	'Traditional methods prevent fishermen from fishing .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? The photos displayed microblogs might fake .	'All the rumors have been spread through microblogs .
The main purpose of this passage is to   . discuss real causes Internet addiction	'share experiences in using technology
Patti continued running after getting injured because wanted prove nothing impossible	"""her injury did n't affect her run"
What 's the passage mainly about ? It introduces film Elephant .	'It shows American school life .
Expedia 's survey shows that Amencans think much spending long hours job	'have the shortest vacation
If you want to enjoy magic on Sunday , you can go to Tiandi Theater	'Red Theater
We can infer from the passage that Noah would develop industry reduce government officials elected President USA	"'Noah can surely succeed in the 2032 presidential campaign', ""Noah 's polities are deeply affected by his parents"
Why is it necessary for people to wash their hands with soap ? To remove disease - causing germs	'To get rid of the dirt the hands hold .
What can we learn from the passage ? There intelligence independence handheld robots .	"""The handheld robots can never disobey the user 's order ."
What can be inferred from the text ? The camping fees nine camping grounds different .	'Tourists can easily visit the whole park within a day .
Which of the following is TRUE ? You n't swim hungry .	"'You must bring food and drinks before you come to the beaches .', ""You should n't swim with other people ."
Why did Thomas Jefferson disagree with the Count de Buffon ? The Count belittled natural wonders America .	"'The Count said something silly about the Atlantic .', ""The Count was n't a true scientist in natural history ."
The banker thought visitor White House really important	'he was really important because he was a rich banker
If you are thirsty and want to have a drink while sitting in the bus , you 'd better ring bell sofa	'go to the front of the bus to get it
We can learn from the text that postal service years become slower	'email is less popular than the fax service
It can be inferred that Mr. Mannering      . knew exactly Bob	'knew that Bob was still at the cinema
Which is wrong ? Put head moving bus better view	'Look both ways before you cross the road .
What makes the author miss her / his home terribly ? The difficulty communication / family .	'Her / his friends at Hong Kong .
We can learn from the passage that much needs done humans longer life	'human life will not last more than 120 years in the future
Which of the following sentence is TRUE according to the passage ? Mr. Clinton son thankful getting tickets .	"'Mr. Clinton hoped to buy the tickets at the ticket office .', ""Jackson 's dream of going to a World Series game came true in the end ."
What are nitrates used for ? They keep color1 meat .	'They keep flavor of food .
What is the passage mainly about ? The legendary life Shirley Temple .	'An autobiography of Shirley Temple .
We can infer from the passage that language changes development society	"""most of Shakespeare 's plays have been made into films"
The author 's purpose in writing this passage is to argue teaching bright - - bright pupils class	'recommend pair work and group work for classroom activities
Pessimists believe that in the future 'll polluted air badly 'll impossible us breathe without masks .	'the seas and oceans will be full of houses
What can we learn about fish ears from the text ? They seen outside .	'They are small soft rings .
These studies show that mimic waiters get almost twice much money group	"""tipping can be affected by physical reactions to many different waiter 's factors"
The passage is mainly about eating habits Britain	'British family eating together
"How does NoiseTube produce a "" noise map ? "" The NoiseTube server analyzes noise information vis Internet ."	'The NoiseTube server analyzes noise information via GPS devices .
According to the author , why most Chinese dislike their jobs ? Because n't take jobs really like	'Because many Chinese workplaces are full of misery and despair .
What happened between the girl and Laddie ? Laddie gave girl money back , hoping make feel good giving .	"""The girl 's parents persuaded her to give a quarter to Laddie ."
Why did the painting of Fitzgerald 's son receive little attention ? It works unknown artist .	"""Fitzgerald 's son was dead ."
The Norwegian Government has tried to keep oil industry something near present size	'encourage the oil companies to discover new oil sources
What is this passage mainly about ? Three kinds friends life .	'What a true friend is like .
It can be inferred that government thinks highly dance game	'in West Virginia 
"According to the writer , "" being your brother 's keeper "" means ""   responsible others"	'being a good school student
In America , public opinion about drunken driving has changed because increasing number traffic accidents got attention public	'new laws are introduced in some states
Who will buy the mooncake boxes ? Recycling companies .	'Mooncake factories .
As a parent , the author hopes kids happy school life	'is unwilling to send his kids to school
Which statement is true according to the text ? Many people UK , qualification although speak foreign languages .	'A language qualification is the only evidence of a high - quality employee .
What conclusion can we draw from the passage ? Labels bottled water used mislead consumers .	'Most bottled water drinkers buy it for the taste .
Long - distance truck drivers make more money a year than full professors because famous law diminishing functions	'long - distance truck drivers only get a high school diploma
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Heart doctors wo n't call house long keep eating fish day .	'The Dutch research has proved that eating fish can help to prevent heart disease .
The writer takes the drug company 's lesson as an example to discuss influences online mothers	'advise companies not to advertise online
African Americans probably moved to Chicago because jobs .	'they liked the Chicago blues .
The ad claims learners of Rocket French Premium wo n't worry security email addresses	'will speak fluent French in six days
It can be inferred from the passage that democracy long process	"""the horrors of World War do n't exist ."
What is the main idea of the passage ? Sliding economy forces grown - ups move parents ' home .	"'American culture has an effect on the relationship between parents and children .', ""Children 's dependence on their parents is increasing ."
The tourists can decide to join in different activities on     . Day 4 Day 5	'Day 1 and Day 2
According to the writer , young people challenge older ones ' points to get better understanding idea	'show they lack confidence in older people
Which of the following best describes families like Ayers ' ? They live hand mouth .	'They value Christmas very much .
The author writes this passage mainly to introduce expressions dog used American daily life	'show that he is a super dog - lover and he likes these expressions
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? If need tutor 's extra help , need pay money	'If you apply for the 2-week courses 
According to the U.S. Department of Labor , half teenager workers fast food business	'teenagers in America like to work in a fast food restaurant
The writer wants to tell us that space vegetables safe good people eat	'space vegetables are grown in space
What can be inferred about the elephants ' behavior from this passage ? Elephants learn experience .	'Elephants have sharper sense of smell than sight .
According to the text , Debbie Pointing thinks that government announce koala endangered species	'the construction of special koala bridges is of little use
The money which enables these companies to go ahead with their projects is raised selling shares companies	'exchanged for part ownership in the Stock Exchange
What 's the main idea of this passage ? It 's facts GM food around us .	"""It 's about GM plants grown in the laboratory ."
Some lottery winners end their marriages , because    feel younger beautiful man woman ..	"""they do n't like their husband or wives ."
How many people outside cities go into to look for jobs each day ? About 75,000 people .	'70 % of the people .
Who are not likely to move away from home ? People Scotland	'Older people
What information can we get from the text ? Each round ends Lightning Battles .	'Teams are given 20 minutes to answer a question .
The study Kim Bard and his colleagues did nothing new people findings	'included 46 baby and mother monkeys
Armstrong and Aldrin moved the Eagle forward before it landed on the moon 's surface in order to choose flat place safe landing	'look for a rocky area for landing
From the passage we can know that The author went buy flashlight failed .	"'Storm Sandy has already caused great damage to New York .', ""Most people have n't been prepared for the coming of Storm Sandy ."
What does the text mainly tell us ? How find freelance work - - home job .	'How to be a freelance writer .
The best title for this article would be On Intelligence	'What Does Intelligence Mean ?
Who did the most meaningful work among the first ladies ? Eleanor Roosevelt .	'Lady Bird Johnson .
The best name of the story is A Brother Like That	'A Christmas Present
When the bear came , the tall man climbed tree	'helped the short man
The book The Private Lives of Birds shows kind male birds females seek .	"""is based on Professor Stutchbury 's 20 years ' research ."
Who are on the danger list ? Another six people train .	'An electrical engineer and John Phillips .
36 . The main idea of this passage is that changes taken place appearance concept banks	'money is not as valuable as it was in the past
Which of the following is TRUE about Whitney Marshall ? Her cousin asked look dogs away .	'Adam set traps so that he could meet Whitney frequently
Why do many Chinese people celebrate this festival for mothers ? Because love mothers much .	"""Because they know Mother 's Day ."
According to the rule young men could get married severed army number years .	'no young men could get married unless they were old enough .
"Why did the green bean get the name "" Kaffa "" ? Because beans discovered place name ."	"'Because Kaldi loved his home village very much .', ""Because Kaldi 's goats loved the green bean very much ."
Mr. Schumer 's letter to the F.T.C. mainly shows that the technology to open the door to privacy invasion    causes people worry safety personal information .	'causes privacy invasion to happen frequently .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Pleasant Music Cures	'Research into Blood Vessel
Mr. Smith wanted to fire Watson because Watson 's department n't earn money year	'Watson would take over a new job in another department
The passage mainly tells us that Coca - Cola vending machine asks hugs rather money	'it is quite simple to spread some happiness
What can we infer    from the story ? Tom believed discovered deal different people .	'Aunt Polly gave Tom a lot of pocket money for what he had done .
Why do old people keep pets ? Because n't live sons daughters .	'Because they think animals are interesting .
From the story we may infer that Tom drove to the beach cottage alone	'with Evelyn
Why is Mr Brown very happy when he sees the half of the cake on the table ? Because thinks Mrs Brown begins stop eating cakes	'Mrs Brown likes cakes very much
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? April Fools ' Day	'The New Year
According to the writer , what is not a proper way to lose weight ? Skipping meals	'Eating healthy meals
The best title for the story is The dog lantern	"'A dog and his master', ""How a dog guide his master 's step"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Austen 's success lies wisdom .	'Austen was born 200 years ago .
The bright coloring of the monarch butterflies is used to scare away enemy	'catch other butterflies
What 's the passage mainly about ? Healthy eating	'Healthy cooking
From the text , we know that the body can still feel comfortable weight goes 6 kg	'when the weight goes up or down by l0 kg
What kind of belief does the film convey ? We youth face challenge smile .	'Youth is a wonderful thing .
Which of the following facts proves that bacteria under glaciers are alive ? Many bacteria process dividing .	'Water is going slowly through the ice .
What is the right order of your body parts during rotation exercise ? wrists --- feet --- shoulders --- legs	'hands -- legs --- back----legs .
Why should newly married spouses go for a honeymoon ? To find chance enjoy time alone .	'To allow in - laws time to enjoy themselves after the wedding .
Mother was excited because deeply loved child	'she was very interested in the tool box
Which of the following is NOT true of Ad . 1 and Ad . 3 ? The entrance fees two parties charged .	'The two parties will be held on the same day .
What was the difference between the two groups of participants in the study ? What wrote .	'Where they wrote .
What can we learn about Brightspark Education ? It emphasizes individualized teaching .	"""It shows a threat to teachers ' jobs in Britain ."
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Father good mending car .	'Father works in a car repairing shop .
According to the passage , what is the first thing that we need to do ? To good listening friends	'To know more about our friends
After the wise man planted the fern and the bamboo , bamboo seed never stopped growing	'he cared for the fern only
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Arthur Sulzberger Sr resigned The New York Times financial trouble .	"'Arthur Sulzberger Sr took over The New York Times from his brotherinlaw .', ""Arthur Sulzberger Jr 's grandfather bought The New York Times ."
Why did Susie dump water in the boy 's lap ? She knew boy 's trouble .	'The boy asked her to do so .
The purpose of the passage is warn us increasing natural disasters big cities	'to give advice on how to defend natural disasters
If you are an unwitting beneficiary of a bookcrosser , that means get book somewhere free without knowing advance	'you get a book on how to avoid accidents
We can learn that Shirley Temple becomes star young	'is the second Award Oscar in the history of children
Eat too much salt can lead high blood pressure	'make the food more delicious
We call infer from the passage that violence TV programs bad effects children 's behavior	'The teacher at home is more patient than the teacher at school
"What does the sentence "" It was delicious , "" really mean in the story ? His mother ate bird ."	'His mother let the bird fly away .
The purpose of this passage is to tell people that earthquake terrible need prepared	'there will be a terrible earthquake in weeks
You can know which coin the tea cup is hiding because helper tells actions	'you can take a look at it when no one is looking at
"What 's the feeling of the writer when he finishes reading "" Harry Potter "" ? He shocked book , meanwhile worried books ."	'He is so angry that he wants to criticize the book
"The sentence "" An apple a day keeps the doctor away . "" tells us that apples good health"	"'the doctor likes to eat apples every day', ""the doctor does n't like apples at all"
Juliet put up the picture to encourage people keep park clean	'give her mum a big surprise
Why was it hard for the American injured workers to get compensation in the early 20th   century ? They present evidence bosses responsible accidents .	'had   totally different compensation programs .
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Some beggars need money children 's schooling .	'Some people dress up to pretend to be beggars .
What can be the best title of the passage ? Sea Life Facing Danger	'Scientist Researching Seawater
You have to pay extra money if you want to take horse - drawn carriage	'visit the royal palace and fortress
If you want to get a job as a maths teacher , send your resume to 19 South 8th St. NY . 13214	'404 Snow Road Syracuse 
Which is the best title for the passage ? New Distant Discovery	'New Planet - searching Technique
If a woman in the U.S left to care for her newborn baby , she would n't get paid leave	'would get lower pay
Newsweek ranks high schools according to college - level test participation	"""their students ' academic achievement"
What is the main idea of the text ? How Camp Invention Program encourages children .	'The way to encourage children to create things .
English people will think you are rude if you n't join queue	"""do n't the know customs"
Which of the followings can show the right percentage    about Sports in Britain ? 6 %	'17 %
What can we learn from the passage ? Mr Jackson thought honesty important money .	'Mr Jackson was very rich .
The students helped people out through all of the following ways EXCEPT Making ropes people climb	'helping people get through the hall
What is the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To introduce research link activity depression .	'To persuade readers to increase their weekly activity .
Which of the following statements is NOT based on the passage ? Both parents children like watching educational television .	'Parents are worried about the influence from television on their children
Which of the following sentences is NOT true ? Yang Shanzhou n't want buried mountain .	'Mr Yang has been dead for three years .
This advertisement is written for people who want to develop stamp collection hobby	'make money through collecting stamps
Which of the following is TRUE ? Sealab II kept scientists 200 feet surface , studying temperature , pressure .	'Sealab I worked for more than thirty days below the surface .
After class primary teachers usually make planning , preparation correction	'come into contact with students
The purpose of writing this article is to offer readers information gap year	'show different opinions about gap year
What 's not advised as the way to recover from your child 's departure ? Staying touch child .	'Developing a new hobby or sport .
We can probably infer from the passage that the woman person honesty	'moved to escape paying back the debts
What can we infer from the passage ? The author 's actual action support mother .	'The author was lazy and unwilling to work hard .
The text is mainly about griots helped preserve history	'why storytellers appeared in West Africa
What happened to him after he sold his property ? He lost everything including life .	'He found a river full of diamonds on his farm .
The main idea of this passage is TV plays great part American people 's life	'TV is more important than school
Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage ? To Type To Hand Write	'Writing By Computer Will Replace Writing By Hand
From this story , we can conclude that dogs like wolves like animal	"""dogs are scientists ' best friends"
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? The wedding reception party wedding ceremony .	'The best man is the one to marry the maid of honor .
Why did the famous teacher use a Y=100 bill at his lesson ? Because wanted make students know value .	'Because he wanted to make the bill into a ball .
The researchers carried out the experiments on rats in order to discover association Foxp2protein vocal communication	'test which part of the brain is key to language in rats and humans
Which of the following opinions does the author agree with ? It 's important know culture shock natural .	'People will suffer less from culture shock in future .
The passage mainly wants to tell us that celebrity endorsements fail expected effect	'companies spend too much money in advertising with celebrities
According to Hiroshi Yoshida , on June 1st , 3011 Japan become country without children	"""Children 's Day will be called off"
What do the four places have in common according to the text ? They 're great solo travelers .	"""They 're cheap to travel around ."
"What does the author mean by""The unthinkable almost happened "" ? The Eiffel Tower almost torn ."	'Gustave Eiffel was more than an engineer .
"At the end of the passage , the word "" we "" can best be replaced by     . university people"	'people in the working world
Most parents do n't worry about kid 's media use because also grew technology	'they can limit the screen time
"The sentence "" Of course , you know how the story ends "" means sure know result Colonel Sanders ' business"	'You are sure to know Colonel Sanders had finished his story
What do you think of the GM plant ? It greatly help poor countries .	"""It is bad for people 's body ."
All of the following are true of home schools EXCEPT that help students find jobs	'students are free to choose their courses
What can you infer from the passage ? Annalisee realized problem gradually changing attitude towards others .	"'One of the main functions of the gifted education is to provide a good social setting for the highly gifted .', 'Without the academy ', "" Annalisee could n't have learnt so much ."
Why do many overseas Chinese make their kids learn the Chinese language ? Because n't want lose mother language .	'Because they want them to speak Chinese .
What can be inferred from the text ? Teens encouraged meaningful things .	'Playing video games should be forbidden among teens .
This passage can be best titled Intelligence Environment	'Measuring Your Intelligence
The author mainly intends to tell us to make us face problem deal feelings	"'give us some advice on how to express our feelings', ""tell us that it is n't good to keep feelings inside"
What suggestion does David Bond give us ? Let children wild time .	'Prevent kids from playing computer games .
Rule Number One mainly tells us drive smoothly icy roads	'to drive fast on snowy roads
From the passage we can infer    that possible people buy perfect Christmas gifts less money	'people are surely able to get a good deal on Friday
On their way home , they saw man running woman	'two men running together
When the writer found that there was something wrong with her high heels , telephoned shoemaker explain wrong	'she was puzzled because the shoes had been all right when she wore them before
Which of the following can be the best title ? Pubs Britain	"""Pubs ' history"
The zoo keeper offers the mimic a job to act as the gorilla because real gorilla died keeper want lose visitors	"""he likes the mimic 's performance"
We can learn from the example of Meteor Shower that business great effect movie .	'the original story was not suitable for a movie
Which of the following shows that most people dislike snakes ? They would rather see mouse snake .	'They welcome snakes as their best friends .
We can learn from the passage that girl loved mother much	"'the girl loved flowers very much', ""the shopkeeper sent the flowers to the man 's mother"
What is the best title for the passage ? A changing concept home	'Missing my parents and home
What do we know about Katherine from the passage ? She started working NBN age 5 .	'She is the youngest money - raiser for NBN .
Warka Water is designed mainly to gather clean water efficiently	'reduce water supply costs
Which of the following shows that your mobile phone is infected with a virus ? phone bill increases unknown reasons	"""You ca n't hear the person who answers the phone clearly"
What is a shopping mall ? It 's group many shops buy everything need .	'A department store where you can buy everything you need .
Which of the following is legal in the United States ? Having bottle wine Chinese restaurant .	'Having an open bottle of beer inside a car .
According to the passage , heavy TV viewers tend to    take fewer vegetables	'eat less junk food
The main reason why the author starts online shopping in December is that stores often overcrowded month	'she has to spend more money shopping in stores
A report shows that people may have more intelligence when   strong wind	'very hot weather
Which of the following statements is true ? Religion may provide meaning life people get strong support face hardship .	'Those who have higher life satisfaction usually have lower sense of meaning in life .
We ca n't stop earthquakes	'earthquakes from destroying the whole of cities
Why do people think it is unfair to some students without computers at home ? Because ca n't operate computers well computers home .	'Because they are not able to take the exam at home .
Eric Roeder thinks greater efforts made make life disabled easier	'the warmth of people inBeijingwas inspiring
According to the research , which of the following is right ? Children drink soda show fewer aggressive behaviors .	'Mothers were asked to keep a record of how many servings of soft drinks their children drank over a three - month period .
We can conclude from the passage that Balcombe watched lot animals showing emotions	"'only a few animals have emotions', ""Balcombe 's theory is not supported by other scientists"
From the passage , we can infer that     Boeing better Airbus .	'Airbus is not aiming at the Japanese market .
From the experiment with rats , we can conclude that high levels DR2 make animals avoid risks	'the lack of DR2 cells results in a safe option
"Which of the following is a way you can apply for membership ? To enter Starcode specially marked Starbucks 
 ( r)products ."	'To buy a Starbucks Card over the phone .
Why did Daniel 's mother talk with him ? Because wanted give Daniel chance explain .	'Because Daniel stole the money .
Sonia stopped me when I wanted to take a picture in the bar because taking pictures bar would violate people 's right privacy	'taking pictures in a bar was not allowed in America
It can be learned from the passage that country music comes from Appalachian Mountains West	'factories and army camps in the South
By comparing a drowning animal and a person , the writer tried to show power belief	'the responses of humans and animals to dangers
What do you think the writer will do next National Day ? He stay home .	'He will go to the Great Wall .
After becoming an NBA player , McGrady leads different life ordinary people	'lives far away from other people
According to the passage , which of the following is not right ? Mo enjoyed great popularity first short story published literary journal .	"""Mo 's living environment immersed with folk culture affected his works ' artistic style ."
What can we learn from the passage ? Audrey Hepburn 's movie made Mouth Truth Spanish Steps popular .	"'Sylvester Stallone taught boxing and bodybuilding and caused a fever in China .', ""Charlie Chaplin was China 's close friend because he introduced comedy to China ."
Which would be the best title for the passage ? Plants Can Talk	'Communication between Plants
We can infer from the passage that divorce caused people change eating habits	"""natural foods can also be found in McDonald 's"
Many runners say that the real marathon begins at 35 kilometers because it is at this point that runners worn breaking	'runners begin to enjoy running the marathon race
Which of the following shocked Michael ? Living conditions poor fields .	'The farm was small
"Which is the best choice to complete Roger 's idea : "" The Country Bears have been a part of Disneyland for nearly 30 years ,    I sad Bears leaving"	'and I feel it is time to give our bears a good rest
are formed little by little . Both good habits bad habits	'Good habits
According to the passage , which was NOT true ? Susan 's mother expected much .	"'Susan tried doing a lot of volunteer work .', ""Susan 's siblings tried to stop her from competing in the Britain 's Got Talent contest ."
We can infer that the author of the text is      . unprejudiced description cyberschools	'excited about the future of cyberschools
If your teacher 's name is Sarah Tancredi , you can call her Ms Tancredi	'Teacher Sarah
To judge whether a person speaks a dialect , you can depend on words grammar uses	'whether he uses sign language
What is the article mainly about ? The reasons moonlighting .	'The ways of moonlighting .
Jade Rabbit fell into sleep because designed avoid bad weather	"""the Chang'e-3 lander struck it by accident"
What does Federer mean by saying that it was an incredible year for him off the court ? His wife gave birth twin girls .	'He regained the world No . One ranking .
The example of Rachel and Abbie is used to indicate that childhood friendship great significance growth	'a positive friendship helps children solve emotional and physical problems
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Good relationship key business success .	'People tend to associate leadership with fear .
When the pilot asked Smith to grab the rope , Smith n't	'Smith pulled the pilot up
The text is written mainly     report recent trend college admissions US	'to analyze how fierce the competition is to get in a good college
What can be seen from the passage is that author 's husband steady job	'the children took away the cups and saucers
From the passage we know one satellite needed form global communication network	"'the satellite was developed by China Manned Space Engineering Office', 'it was less than three years since China launched its first date relay satellite of this kind', ""the satellite could help track and command space vehicles in orbits because it 's lower in position"
"Why do the jumpers call the steps out loud while jumping ? To remind jumpers "" pattern "" jumps ."	'To teach the jumpers how to jump rope .
What is the best title for Start Club	'Learn a Club
This passage is mainly about bits pocket money inBritain	'how to get pocket money
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Can shopping reduce stress relieve fear death ?	'Greater stress can lead to shopping .
What 's the best title for this passage ? Beijingers Call Clean Air Act	'The Use of Gas masks and Respirators
What kind   of room is it ? It 's bedroom .	"""It 's a big room ."
"People like Wang and Liu 's version of "" In the Spring "" because heartfelt expression two singers migrant workers ."	'they sang the song better than other singers .
Who play the biggest role in the competition mentioned in Para . 1 ? The dogs look ugly .	'The dog owners who are good at keeping dogs .
"Which of the following statements about "" duang is NOT true ? It first used adjective stress word follows ."	"""It came from Jackie chan 's commertial ."
"Why does Kevin think his family are "" terrible "" at first ? Because angry brothers , sisters cousins ."	'Because his family are busy preparing for the holiday .
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? The bone marrow , taken , given Alissa without delay .	'Lyons volunteered to donate bone marrow because he was sympathetic with Alissa .
What is important for good sight at night ? Vitamin A	'Vitamin B1
When one feels chilly , which of the following will he do ? He exercises make muscle produce heat .	'His skin becomes tight in order to keep warm .
The short passage is about going online	'how to spend our free time
Which of the following is TRUE of iFixit and Dozuki ? Grammar quite important existence .	'Only one of them has a compulsory grammar test .
What can a visitor do if he gets a Schengen visa ? He visit 26 European countries .	'He can only visit the UK .
Which of the following sentences from the passage is an example of a fact ? He brought shore two passing fishermen rowboat ....	'He hit the water at over six hundred miles an hour .
According lothe passage , what can defend the parents ' child rearing ? A great college .	'Confidence of children .
To fight against hacking , some companies combine password code prove one 's identity	"""do n't accept weak passwords"
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Laurence studied British grammar school .	'Students are not allowed to walk in the corridor .
What are not Tom 's ? The pencil pen	'The pencil box and the ruler
Who would be the most helpful to the school now ? People old skiing equipment .	'Locals in Zanskar region .
The following statements are true except information fed computer	"'the census gives information about the whole country', ""the people who do n't work on the census will not see the completed forms"
We can deal with the stress in our life sharing problems friends	'by forgetting about our problems
The author wrote the article mainly to tell us piece interesting news	'make Horie known to the world
Why is British actor Richard mentioned ? To support opinion	'To indicate the disadvantage of mobile phone .
The passage mainly talks about image problem orange sweet potato	'an information campaign in sub - Saharan area
The bike riders suggest that bike lanes drawn	'bikes should be used instead of cars
The reasons for the happening of the later confirmed cases in Osaka are the following Except 143 students Kansai Okura Senior High School shown symptoms influenza .	'Some students in a Kobe High school got infected .
Of the three kinds of insects sent into space , which one flew worst in zero gravity ? The honeybees .	'The flies .
What is the main idea of the passage ? One happiest make good use age life .	'Life is not enjoyable since each age had some pains .
According to the author 's last piece of advice , the applicants should be aware of differences changes English	"""the receiver 's preference with regard to the format"
We can infer form the text that without Alicia , John Nash would recovered schizophrenia .	'John Nash gave up his career when troubled by schizophrenia .
Which of the following statements would the author agree to ? Having money brings happiness degree .	'The more money one earns 
What is the purpose of studying English according to the writer 's idea ? To use English communication others .	'To get high marks in exams
John likes computer because thinks computer helps study	'he likes Maths
If you are interested in the best music festivals in the UK , you may find the talk on    August 1st	'August 2 \n nd
The purpose of the passage is to give comments Asimov 's influence	"'compare Asimov with other science fiction writers', ""advise people to read Asimov 's stories"
If you want to make your dream come true , you should try start things	'remember what your dream is first
Who might be qualified to be a dog owner , according to the text ? Kari , teacher works eight hours day .	'Jim 
We learn from the text that author seldom praised son past	'the author has the gift of seeing with the heart
What 's the best title for the passage ? Barack Obama Visited Great Wall	'History of the Great Wall
In a conversation between friends , Americans regard it as sincere and truthful to maintain direct eye contact	'hide emotions with a deadpan expression
About the Germany town of Blumenau , we know that town first founded Germans	'only Germans live in the town
According to the passage , X - rays are used to identify authenticity artwork	'make repairs on paintings in the past
The drug tested on people can prevent body producing certain chemicals	'cause the brain to fix memories
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Left - handedness cleverer right - handedness .	'No one really knows what makes a person become right - handed .
What is the best title for the text ? A Campaign Helps People Get Closer Nature	'Being in Contact with Nature Is Good for Health
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Classics Help lmprove Brain Activity	'Modern Language Increases the Brain
"By "" Angel money "" , the author refers to money needed start business"	'the money borrowed from banks
Why are Chinese people forgetting how to write the characters ? Chinese people need n't write hand often help technology .	"""Chinese people do n't refer to dictionaries very often ."
If the passage is not completed , what will be written after the passage ? Parents choose reading materials children .	'What TV programs children can watch during reading .
"Venus is called the earth 's "" twin "" because 's almost big earth"	"""it 's the nearest to the earth"
Why did the author 's father buy so many oranges ? He wanted help young girl .	'He liked to eat sour oranges .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Talking kitchen helps French	'Digital technology goes into the kitchen
According to the passage , tourists are recommended to use a multilingual guide recorder when visiting Forbidden City	'Temple of Heaven
According to the text , William practiced singing whenever possible became famous	"""was nervous and did n't know how to sing when he was interviewed"
What implies in the passage ? The spoken form fairytale came earlier written form .	"'The fairytale first appeared as a written form .', ""The fairytale came from ancient Egypt and has n't changed much since then"
What is the passage mainly about ? The introduction historic center Vienna	"'The universal value of the world heritage in Vienna', ""Vienna 's becoming one of the cultural and natural monuments of mankind"
Who felt the angriest about the incident ? The parents whose children cried .	'The teacher who was fired .
Mountaineering is a sport , not a game because free climbers use methods	'it has man - made rules
Why did Ted pay little attention to Spotty at the very beginning ? Because Ted free moment .	"'Because Ted was tired of listening to Spotty barking .', ""Because Ted only cared about Brownie 's safety ."
From the passage we can learn that Jerry was optimistic even things worst	'no longer positive to his life after the operation
According to the text , lungfish can remain alive water	'move freely on dry land
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the text ? But fishermen 's protection , reefs would disappear soon .	'More and more fishermen have realized their mistakes .
It can be inferred from the passage that Morse 's invention immediately achieve full potential	'the extension of the telegraph was more important than its invention
Why did n't the man send the farmer away ? Because wanted farmer give money	'Because he wanted the farmer to sleep a little longer .
"What 's the meaning of "" to face the music "" ? To face something far less pleasant ."	"'To face the stage .', ""To face the back of one 's horse ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Students selecting basketball better register early .	'Students participating in gym should arrive at 6:00 pm .
If you do n't need to try the T - shirts on , you can visit online stores	'official stores
The story is about strict parents children	'how to take care of young trees
Which is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Baghdad bottom list third year .	'The quality of living survey was carried out every year .
This passage is mainly about spend less traveling air	'how to choose a better and more comfortable airline
What does the author intend to tell us in the passage ? How get good night 's sleep .	'When to start a sound sleep .
According to the above passage , we learn that well - educated youth China 's big cities difficulty buying houses	'the Oxford University Press made the dictionary without outside aid
Which of the following is TRUE about the teen travel programs ? The programs provide different language camps .	'The programs will offer the services for free .
"We can learn from the passage that say "" Break leg "" someone , give good wish"	"'the saying "" You do n\'t have a leg to stand on "" means someone loses his legs"
Which of the following is NOT a way to stop sandstorms ? Do n't stay outside sandstorms happen .	'Plant more trees in spring .
Why do most visitors , who once visited Britain , think that the British are unfriendly ? Because British different sense humor	'Because the British always take things seriously .
Overdeck majored in astrophysics because she really fond mathematics	'hoped to change math education in the US
We infer that the purpose of this passage is to give us tips protect wildlife small actions	'tell us why protecting wildlife is extremely important now
Which is the discrimination mentioned in this passage ? Victims age discrimination consider age important standard .	'The healthier women are 
Which is TRUE according to the passage ? Nature good source turn improving technology .	'In America a self - cleaning paint was modeled on the lotus flower .
The teacher thought at first that the farmer would fail game	'knew more then he .
The young man does n't eat hamburger	'buy a hamburger
According to the story , which of the following is TRUE ? The writer misses father much .	"""Their lives did n't change though her father had cancer ."
According to the passage , some doctors believe it is true that cold - water swimming causes heart attack summer winter	'Polar bears are bears swimming in freezing water
Wang Tao and his father often go walk	'go to swim
What can be inferred from the text ? Dickson bad records murder .	'Seeing the struggle 
According to the passage , which of the following statements is true ? There machine intelligence today .	'That high - tech cash register is anything but an electric eye .
Hundreds of visitors from Mainland China got angry because allowed go park	'the services in the park were not as good as expected
What can we learn from the passage ? The traveler clever .	"'The villagers were clever .', ""The villagers did n't like listening to stories ."
He wanted to show that people could drink sea water die	'sea water was dangerous
Which of the following ways can not be used as a form of communication ? thought	'sign language
What is the writer going to do when someone asks him for direction ? He reply means stranger town .	'He will direct the right way to the person willingly .
From the passage we cam know that children China USA carry heavy school bags .	"'only children in China carry too heavy school bags .', ""children in other countries do n't carry too heavy bags ."
The best title of the passage should be Air Safety Tips	'The Safest Way to Travel
Why did a bell ring from far away . writer pressed lift alarm bell .	'The lift was to start again .
The passage is mainly about   . journey Jack Ma 's success	"'the development of Alibaba Group', ""Jack Ma 's personal life"
The passage is written to describe changes connected devices bring TV watching	'report the comeback of the traditional living room scene
What will the author probably talk about next ? Pickpockets concerning new technology	"""Pickpockets ' tricks"
From the text we can infer that many Americans put weight Christmas New Year 's Day	'the author and his family had spent a lot of money exercising in gyms
Which of the following can summarize the main idea of the passage ? Body rather eyes window soul .	'Facial expressions can reflect the emotions clearly .
What can you infer    from the passage ? Mr. Tanaka good teacher knows student 's strength weakness .	"""The boy was n't doing well at first ."
Those who were required to share give fewer stickers to Ellie because 's choice	'Ellie is not as sad as Doggie
Face book is different from other social networking sites mainly because provides safe trusted environment communicate online	'it is set up by Zuckerberg in a dorm room
Which disadvantage of extra academic work is NOT mentioned ? Lacking chance communicate others .	'Spending more extra money .
Which of the following shows the right order of Nick`s life experience ? captain school--- double bachelor degree ---his first speaking--- president organization	'his first speaking --- a captain of his school --- his double bachelor degree --- the president of an organization
Eagerly watching the child 's acquisition of new skills , universal among parents	'sets up dangerous states of worry in the child
According to the president of The Shoe People , John Trimbald get new pairs boots free year 's supply spray	'can exchange the damaged boots with new ones at any time
The main purpose of this passage is to introduce knowledge tropical regions travelers	'some interesting facts of tropical regions
Which of the following is TRUE ? Erica student .	"'Erica lives in Australia for three years .', ""Erica 's uncle comes home after four ."
What does Jimmy get on his birthday ? He gets lot presents .	'He gets a knife and a drum .
Kurzban 's experiment suggests that two moral systems seem conflict	'most volunteers are against the idea of killing brothers
Rope jumping has not spread widely because neither easy enjoyable	'it requires little equipment 
According to the text , if you 're the CEO of   Bai Du you can be called brains behind Bai Du	"""Bai Du 's brain trust"
It can be inferred from the text that the author likes using Lettrs write letters	'prefers writing to typing
""" Those days are gone , even in Hong Kong "" in Paragraph 1 suggests that finding good career used easier Hong Kong elsewhere"	'now everyone in Hong Kong has an equal chance of finding a good job
What is the best title of the passage ? A study seat belts	'Seat belts
What 's the main idea of the passage ? It 's StarCraft class opened University Florida .	"""It 's about who invented the game "
The Worried Grandfather thinks dangerous young woman get stranger 's car	"""does n't like young women to drive cars"
Where can visitors have lunch ? At Artisan Gallery & Greamery Cafe .	'At Wisconsin Historical Museum .
The purpose of the text is to tell family spends Thanksgiving Day	'tell what the family do for Thanksgiving Day
In Leo 's opinion , searching online for the answers may make students simply copy answers instead thinking	'help solve the problems between students and their parents
We can infer from the article that The one - child policy date	"""Lin Xiao does n't like her sister"
Who are most likely to enter for the programme ? Health - conscious hotel guests .	'The poor local people .
What can we infer from the passage ? African wild dogs danger , habitats changed much .	'African wild dogs are not in danger 
What do we know from the text about students of a cyberschool ? They study home rather classrooms .	'They have to take long bus rides to school .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Playing sports help kids keep active healthy .	"'Kids should only play team sports .', ""Most parents do n't let their kids play team sports ."
What is the passage mainly about ? Chickens -- first travel Polynesia South America .	'It was difficult for ancient people to travel between Polynesia and South America .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Robot caregivers appear market 2 3 years .	'Robot caregivers can help elderly people do everything .
It is suggested that you should catch every opportunity communicate others	'try to study well to be popular with the classmates
The passage mainly talks about writer 's first two days school	'how to get ready for the first day of school
Which of the following statement is True according to the article ? Children involved activities primitive life Zhoukoudian Relics Museum .	'The 40 antique collections in the Capital Museum are based on \n Journey to the West .
The boy died because Dr. Eyck able arrive hospital time	"""Dr. Haydon did n't do anything to save him"
Oliver hoped that parents should read children early age	'spend more time playing with their children
How did the cat open the door of the kitchen ? The cat opened door paws .	'The cat got the key to the door .
Processed foods are unhealthy because they may lead obesity	"""destroy body 's cells"
The author thinks that measures taken protect sharks	'sharks are valuable to us and we can make full use of them
The article is mainly about Charles Dickens ' impact world	"""a brief introduction to Charles Dickens '"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? In way , Item 77281 user - friendly	'In fact 
"What did the mother mean by saying it was a "" forever goodbye "" ? She wo n't get see daughter death ."	'She will never leave her daughter far away .
The new Australian research shows that breaks sitting good health	'walking is the best physical activity after sitting too long
What would be the best title for the text ? What Makes House Home	'Home Means Everything
Liang helped poor students in western China by holding basketball match	'asking her Chinese friends for donations
What was the first newspaper story mainly about ? Sick children Children 's Hospital	"""Doctors in Children 's Hospital"
How does she ask the way to the flower show ? She draws picture ask way .	'She asks the way in Chinese .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? What 's real meaning intelligence	"'What \'s the "" bright "" children \'s behavior', ""What 's a special outlook on life"
What is the passage mainly about ? What earworms deal .	'The causes and influences of earworms .
If you want to buy a computer online , What should you do before you buy one ?    Choose one compare prices different online stores	'Search different online stores and buy a good one
What would be the best title for the text ? Women overtake men IQ testing	'The history of IQ testing
Which of the following does NOT result in the fact that they could not do a radio show across Canada ? Radio stations compatible .	'Telemedia only had stations in Ontario and Quebec .
A blueprint made before inviting a friend to dinner is used in this passage as illustration write application job	'an indication of how to obtain a good job
The British people like to talk about weather because helpful	'there is thick fog in London
What can we infer    from the passage ? We feel good bright cool weather .	'All people in Norway and Sweden feel sad in winter .
What would be the best title for the text ? We energy efficient	"""The world 's largest consumer of energy"
Why should we pay much attention to the formation of habits ? It 's hard even possible smooth away	'Because habits are of great help to every one of us .
Who does the author think is responsible for campus unhappiness ? young people well society blame .	"'young students who are all spoiled and expecting too much .', ""our society that ca n't offer enough jobs to college graduates ."
Which opinion would the author most probably hold ? To set business , n't wait everything need .	"'To ensure success ', "" do n't get started before you 've got everything ready ."
The passage mainly tells us Broadened ban smoking public places took effect order set non - smoking Olympic Games .	'There will be more places where smoking is forbidden .
The streets will be less crowded because future cars smaller	'there will be fewer cars in the future
"What can we learn about Lin Fengyou according to the passage ? She thinks drinking "" oil tea "" throughout year makes look younger ."	"'She never expected that she would gradually accept "" oil tea "" ."
What 's the best title for the passage ? Different Ways Tell Time	'Useful Machine to Tell Time
What is the best title of this passage ? The price beauty .	'The death of Wang Bei .
The best title of this story is A Clever Farmer .	'How to Answer Riddles .
The sotry does n't mention anything about Rogers sent prison	'what happened to Rogers six years ago
After reading the passage , we can infer that FAA    doubts drone delivery system	"""does n't really like Amazon"
"In the "" Pay by Touch "" supermarkets, pay bank account number fingerprint"	'you can pay your list by touching the goods
The monster Nian was n't killed until tired run away	'the old man came to a village
Which of the following is the best advice you could give to parents based on Gorton 's statement ? Plan fewer activities children improve family time .	'Buy their children fewer things that they are fond of .
The text is mainly about birds sing	"""the robin 's songs"
"By saying "" you are just playing Ping - Pong with the birds "" , Humberg means It 's skill - needed race birds"	"""It 's interesting to fight with the birds"
"By saying "" Are too many students --- toward their education ? "" the author seems to imply that different learning styles encouraged ."	'teachers are really important for students .
What surprised the scientists a few years ago ? The brain could wrk many hours without fatigue .	"""Fatigue toxinscould hardly be found in a labour 's blood ."
The last step is to prove energy wasted	'no beam is shown on the white paper
Any volunteer will benefit from the experience because also better understanding	'they will be admitted to a martial arts class for free
The text is mainly about medicinal value plants rain forests	'the native healers of the rain forests
This passage is mainly about octopi behavior	'the horrors of the octopus
According to the passage , the government made new rules because School buses China safe enough	'21 students died in school bus accidents in 2011
From the passage we learn that courses useful one 's future career	"""the College 's history goes back over a century"
The electricity is changed into sound by loudspeaker	'the radio waves
Why would the young man have to leave very soon ? Because little time time students .	"""Because boys are n't allowed to enter the college ."
What did NOT happen to the author on her first day at work ? She got flu .	'She was late for work .
This report says that the need for protecting wildlife understood centuries ago	'is carried out in forests as well as in national parks
This passage is mostly about myths eyesight	'different types of eye problems
According to this passage , which of the following is suggested about the good health habits ? All .	'Good way of holding your body .
The journey to the bottom of the sea helped us to realize that much world n't yet explored	'strong water - pressure has great effect on fish
Why is it still hard to reduce traffic problems ? Because vehicles sold globally year .	"""Because Mr Lootah 's approach will be copied widely ."
People take up hot yoga because makes people 's muscle work better forces toxins	'it makes people get used to 100 degree Fahrenheit
We can learn from the passage that different attitudes toward parting author Allie .	'there is not much communication between the author and Allie .
Which of the following is TRUE ? After period 1500 year without Olympics first modern Olympics held Greece .	'From the beginning the Olympic Games were held every four years .
The doctor asks the woman to eat green food	'eat many orange things
The article is most likely intended for pet lovers	'animal shelters
The Whites did not blame Amy for Jane 's death because n't want Amy feel ashamed sorry rest life	"""Amy was badly injured herself and they did n't want to add to her pain"
With the help of WAER , patients will probably improve bone mineral density	'walk as fast as normal people
It can be inferred from the Pew study that Internet become new tool new kind social communication	'people have been separated from each other by using computers
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Hearing loss may lead slow language development .	'Hearing loss in old people is as common as in young people .
What 's the main idea of the passage autism air pollution	'what is autism spectrum disorder
What is the main purpose of the article ? To express concern recent trends online news .	'To report on a new computer service offered by Facebook .
Which of the following from the passage is true ? US teenagers eager know China .	'The view of China is usually positive .
Which of the following can be inferred from the findings of the sleep research ? Eight hours sleep day beneficial health looks genes .	'When there is a sleep restriction 
According to the text , Lucille Mantelli is company manager	'a school designer
The passage aims to convey that hugs protective effects	'social support can sure diseases
What d oes the passage mainly tell us ? Reading good hobby .	'You can read on computers .
According to the study by the World Bank in 1974,economic growth in some background countries brought almost benefit third population .	'benefit only to a third of their population .
What did Robin 's mother do ? She ordered food two boys .	'She gave the two boys some money .
We will have move to another planet want save human race	'when the earth disappears
Which of the following about the placebo effect is TRUE according to the passage ? It mental reaction .	'It occurs during exercise .
According to the text , hydrogen - powered buses likely sell well future .	'can easily be filled up with gas .
"The writer found that half things her""enemy""said true ."	"'most of the things her""enemy""said were true ."
If you want to improve your ability to study , you 'll probably choose Basic Study Manual	'Study Skills for Life
"Which of the following expressions is similar to "" down to earth "" ? "" feet ground """	"'"" his nose in the air """
Which of the following is not wrong according to this passage ? It 's fourth All - Star trip Yao Ming China .	'Yao Ming edged Kobe Bryant as the top votegetter in fan balloting for the 54th NBA All - Star game .
What can we conclude from the text ? Bimbo continue stay Schwartz .	'Bimbo will be loosed to the wild .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Oxfam plans improve agriculture Sudanin short time .	'Hungry for Change has collected a lot of money .
During the research , Walsh and his team did n't examine lead levels Beethoven 's hair	'examine the bone pieces of Beethoven
Keeping fish is a good hobby for the following reasons EXCEPT fish reproduce babies quickly	'fish are not costly to feed
The author 's purpose in writing the passage is to tell us earthquake taking place Yunnan caused 5,000 homeless	'warn the people in mountainous areas in Yunnan to take care of earthquake
The most effective kind of exercise should be the one that develops heart , lungs , circulatory systems	'trains the body for weight lifting
"Which of the following examples explains "" we did help out ? "" A young lady agreed marry boyfriend"	'The hotel bought a ring for a young lady
If Tom has less than 30 dollars , he can buy The Most Scenic Drives America How To Write Your Life Story book .	'How To Write Your Life Story or Complete Guitar Course book .
Corey raises money in order to     improve poor children 's health	'help kids in Cuba build their acting career
Which is not regarded as the most important day for teenagers ? anniversary marriage	'their first day of work
What can be inferred from the passage ? Egyptians benefit lot new method .	'Growers have to change the jelled water once a month .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Shape may influence drinking	'Curved glass is out of date
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? How Boys And Girls Learn   Differently	'Different Ways Of Attracting Boys And Girls
Shrek goes to find the princess because wants Farquaad let fantasy characters live country	'he wants to marry her
We can conclude from the passage that people get rid habit unhappiness	'we should pity all unhappy people
According to the passage , the new treatment eliminate viruses completely	'can kill all the HIV viruses
The two brothers wrote down all the stories because n't want stories die old people	'their teacher asked them to do so
Although some snakes are poisonous , small number	"""they cause many people 's death"
What seems to be a big problem with the new policy according to the critics ? Users wo n't right refuse data sharing .	"""Users ' private information will be surely open to the public ."
Which of the following is true ? The rich American happy buy stolen watch .	"'The young man liked the nice watch very much ', ' too', ""The rich man did n't see the young man stealing the watch at all ."
O'Leary is writing a computer program that provides crime records given city	'uses math to increase the speed of calculation
The best title for the passage would be    How I help girl ?	"""College of kids ' own choice"
Which statement is NOT TRUE ? According O'Leary , evidence humans passed virus humans .	'All previous reported cases were in Shanghai and other eastern areas of China .
In Misbah 's childhood , fond getting close nature	'he often spent holidays with his family
If you are only free in the morning , you may choose Course 1 Course 3	'Course 1 or Course 5
From the passage we can conclude that the small business owner will give face difficulties	'not turn to the wise man for help again
What did Chicago 's Robert Morris University offer ? An e - sports scholarship .	'The first e - sports arenas .
Why did Jan Jennings ask the lawyer to repeat what he said ? thought mistake	'she never expected Miss Holm would donate anything .
The passage suggests that easier people catch colds bodies stressed .	"""some old advice about preventing colds does n't make any sense ."
What can we learn from the passage ? The daughter freshman college .	'The daughter is a well - rounded college student .
The author tries to argue that truth image equally important	'image creates everything
Why was the author surprised at not recognizing his colleague 's handwriting ? He worked colleague long enough .	"""His colleague 's handwriting was so beautiful ."
Which is right according to the passage ? The meal looks beautiful food different colors .	'American people do not like to cook food at home .
What does this text mainly tell us about ? A general introduction Clara Barton 's life .	"'The establishment of the American Red Cross .', ""Clara Barton 's contribution to the Red Cross ."
According to the author , children will probably feel excited often exposed stimulating entertainment	'if their parents allow them to ride roller coasters very often
What 's the main influence of the new discovery ? Doctors may treat anxiety efficiently .	'Doctors may find new medicine for anxiety .
Where does this text most probably come from ? A human interest article camping magazine .	'A study on habits of bears in the Western mountains .
At the beginning of the passage three examples are given support idea people often blame others	"""to suggest that there are various problems in people 's life"
Which statement is TRUE according to the passage ? Professor Li 's attitude life career earned high praise respect .	"""Premier Li Keqiang came to Li Xiaowen 's funeral ."
The Berlin Zoo intends to find a new home for Knut mainly because of financial problem	"'the mother bear deserting him', ""Knut 's aggressive behavior"
From the passage , it can be inferred that necessary confirm information Wikipedia .	'printed encyclopedia will lose their popularity .
Which of the following statements about Canada is NOT true ? There many big filmmaking companies Canada .	'Canadian arts have been much influenced by French people .
Which of the following can NOT be detected by T cells ? Thymus	'Cancer cells .
From the passage we can know that Mr. Ellis happy changes	'there were many houses there in the old days
The purpose of Beck and Edwards ' study is to make lonely old people 's life better	"'understand human - animal relationship', ""find the causes of old people 's loneliness"
People at California 's Glace Luxury Ice Company probably want consumers to believe that ice cubes different	'ice cubes are healthy for people to use
The writer thinks malls make people 's life easier	'likes to live in his favorite malls
How do we know if we are lucid dreaming ? We control happens dream .	'We can remember the dream very clearly .
What will the visitors do when they come to see a family ? They put cell phones outside entering room .	'The way they dress and style their hair must be from the 80s .
Which of the following is a good way to stop us putting on weight during holidays ? Drink large glass water eating .	'Just have clear soup and fruit or vegetables .
"The best title for this passage is "" The Nature Design Museums"	'The Forms of Design Museums
Mrs. Matthews used to pay the full price for her ride because n't old enough	"""she did n't know where to get the card"
What do we know about Billy ? His teacher encourages take ballet dancing .	'He does well in ballet dancing and boxing .
Which of the following statements is true ? . The author realized importance practicing kindness .	'. The cat was dirty because it was kept in prison .
What do we know about the Marsdens ? They bear safety handbook said .	'They went to the wild to watch the bear .
Having read the story , we can know Mr. Mrs. Scott loved .	'the necklace was the most expensive in the town .
Which is not the feature of Vienna ? High levels unemployment .	'Advanced and modern city services .
Which of the following sentences is TRUE according Io the passage ? Indian Chinese children spend time homework	'What students actually do is as important as how much work schools set .
Which of the following best describes Li Jing 's parents ' attitude towards her being a student journalist ? They consider quite good Li Jing condition striking study .	'They think to be a student journalist is purely a waste of time .
According to the passage , if all the people in the world knew a major world language , would easier share ideas	'radio and television would all use the language
According to the passage , what has been affected in Italy by rising sea levels ? Its ancient buildings could drowned .	"'Many kinds of plants and animals died out in Italy .', ""Venice 's famous buildings and artworks are being destroyed completely ."
How will the votes distributed if Romney got 20 votes while Obama received 17 votes in California in the election ? Romney win 37 votes California .	'Romney will win 20 votes in California .
What does the writer mainly tell us in the passage ? What Mrs. Comer uses iPad daily life .	'How Mrs. Comer explorers   the world with Google Earth .
The headmaster n't know post - office box worked	'wrote many letters to the post - office
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Any attachments sent computer may carry secret code .	'Electronic greeting cards can not carry a secret code .
What 's the writer 's attitude towards overhead bridges ? It much safer passengers though climbing steps may little difficult	'It is inconvenient for old people to walk across the road .
The FDA has provided guidelines for producers of pet foods with raw meat because feeding pets raw popular	'pet safety is a serious problem
Why did the author occasionally complain about the ginger cat ? He spend cat food .	'The cat stole bills from her house .
Which is the best title of this passage ? To cheat cheat	'Show your opinion on cheating
Which of the following is TRUEaccording to the text ? The researchers felt surprised findings study .	'117 students and teachers took part in the new study .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is WRONG ? Laughter make become old quickly .	'Laughter is good for health .
Leopold refuses to classify herself as a hipster because thinks lot people self - defined hipsters n't really hipsters	'there are too many specialized brands 
When the lady saw Bryan , she was worried because she thought may hurt	"""he was n't going to stop"
Which of the following was the topic of the TV program about Red ? A dog unlock doors .	'A night when kennels were unlocked .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Steve Steven done something illegal .	'Steve became interested in electronic things after Steven made a microphone .
Which of the following would be the best title of the passage ? Morrisons Will Launch Online Operation	'Morrisons Has Many Business Rvials
What can be inferred from the passage ? Scientists conduct follow - study frozen continent .	"'No creatures once appeared or lived in icy water in Antarctica .', ""America 's National Science Foundation is in complete charge of the research ."
. The following statements about peregrine falcons are true EXCEPT They like running glass windows chimneys	'They died out east of he Mississippi because of the side effect of DDT
Why did the author most likely write this passage ? To show Tom Ford world 's greatest fashion designer .	'To describe the career of Tom Ford .
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? Children : Parents ' technology advisors	'Internet : Open to our kids too early
Sian Beilock and Susan Levine carried out the new research in order to study students ' ways learning math	'know the effects of teaching on learning
Maria could not help Papa in the garden because hard sit ground work	"""Papa did n't want anyone to touch his flowers"
In Miyazaki 's films we may NOT see world left ruins end	'the attractive castle in the sky
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the article ? The author thinks meaningless argue whether Paris better London vice versa .	"'Paris welcomed more foreign visitors than London did last year .', ""Anne Hidalgo did n't respond to Boris Johnson 's remarks about London ."
From the context we can infer that clients would take bigger beating bank	'SuNatCo would bring the stock market down if it sold all the Supranational stock they held .
"By saying "" dogs are pack animals""(in Para.4),the author means that dogs live groups"	'dogs like to live with people
What information can be inferred according to the text ? The number officials guilty large Memphis .	"""Stockton got second place in last year 's ranking ."
The woman came to a big city because ill local doctors could help	'she wanted to visit the poor boy whom she had helped
Which of the following statements is right according to the passage ? Wrestlers usually wear special clothing look funny .	'All professional wrestling matches are between two men or two women .
It can be inferred from the passage that pay kids good grades , take granted	'if you buy children pizza as a reward 
Which factor contributes to a camels ' endurance except It swaying motion .	'The nose of a camel is special .
Which is NOT true about Lopez ? She famous singer started acting .	'She has had several number one songs .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Nowadays , Sunday almost lost association day rest .	'Doing many activities on Sunday is beneficial .
It can be inferred from the passage that Safin 's success benefited lot family	'almost all the women love Safin
Llord Olsen cut off the chicken 's head because     family wanted eat .	'his family wanted to celebrate a headless chicken festival .
. Many British people say that the pub is a cornerstone of British life because great place meeting friends	'it is easy to bump into people they know in a pub 
What 's the best title for this passage ? The importance honest	'An office worker and a lottery ticket
In the passage , the writer tells us keep warm sports winter	'to have a good rest before playing sports
Which of the following can prove the book The Words to Say it is very successful ? It translated 18 languages .	'It is the first book about psychoanalysis .
In the author 's opinion , those Hollywood stars tell us happiness n't equal fun using stories	'possess happiness because they are rich and famous
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Small Schools Rising popularity	'Top School List Winning National Support
What 's the suitable title of the passage ? Fitter kids likely make better grades .	"'Parents should be aware of the benefit of fitness .', ""Fitness affects kids ' social behavior greatly ."
what would be the best title for this passage ? Minding Summer Learning Gap	'Opening Summer Camps
Which of the following can be learned from the passage ? Jane Addams famous opening Hull House .	'Until 1930
What can you do if you do n't want to learn English according to    the passage ? Read interesting English books .	'Go to English - speaking countries .
What does Winston Smith seem to agree ? The Supreme Court change decision .	"""Student grading is not related to families ' privacy ."
Which of the following writing tips is given in the passage ? Trying communicate important idea readers .	"'Drawing a picture to go with the essay .', ""Asking a teacher to find the mistakes you have n't found ."
"What does the phrase "" the father of science fiction "" mean ? The man first started writing science fiction successfully ."	'The writer whose father wrote science fiction .
Which one can be the title of the passage ? Artie Shaw 's Music Life	"""Artie Shaw 's Life Stories"
What is the best title for the passage ? The Glastonbury Festival	'Charity events around the world
It can be learned from the passage that the blind students in China find less study material normal students	"""ca n't take the national entrance exam to college"
Which club provides help for students poor in study ? Peer Tutoring .	'Environmental Club .
From the letter we can infer that far Mary n't received thank - - note addressed .	"'the couple lost their car in the fire so they had to go everywhere on foot .', ""Mary 's roommate sent the couple a message to blame their carelessness ."
What might be the most suitable title for the text ? Buildings Are Becoming Smarter	'Buildings Are Getting More Sunlight
"Which of the following is TRUE ? Legionnaire 's disease one results "" sick buildings "" ."	'There is less and less indoor air pollution .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Learning second language help improve brain power .	'You should learn a second language in English that is not your native language .
Why do you think the writer wrote this passage ? To suggest us going visit Lake Tekapo	'To introduce the best destination in New Zealand
Which of the following holidays has nothing to do with a country 's development ? Valentine 's Day	"""China 's National Day"
Why was he angry when Donald heard that the teacher would give a prize to Brian ? Because got grade Brian .	"'Because Brian copied him .', ""Because the teacher did n't know Donald 's answers ."
From the passage we can conclude that Wang Ganghui n't first one criticize Zhao Meimei	"'Wang Ganghui is very active in "" re - tweeting "" blog information now"
The author let Seema pick out one of her dresses because she wanted to show pity Seema 's family	'make Seema become her best friend
Which of the following is TRUE about bottled water in America ? Some people worry bad effect environment .	'US bottled water sales have increased for the first time .
Katie sold her lamb in order to earn amount money cover medical expenses	'help her mother support their family and keep more lambs
Which of the following statements about telomeres is NOT true ? They proven cause better health general population .	'The older a man gets 
Supporters argue that the scheme relieve traffic pressure improve public transport	'can help improve the parking conditions for the staff
What is the second philosophy of ants ? Always look ahead .	'Think winter all summer .
The author makes his point clear in the text that social relationship closely connected people 's health	"""a major part of people 's health is based on their genes"
What do we know about the six people ? Some shopkeepers pie shops .	'They all have been to both pie shops .
The first use of umbrella was as shade sun	'protection against rain
Einstein 's coat was very old . His friend asked buy new one	'helped him buy a new one
Which is the best title for the passage ? How Learn English .	'Listen First 
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Whatever circumstances , focus study .	'You will be a great writer as long as you write English papers .
Why are Mexico and Peru important in the development of pizza ? Because one topping brought Italy countries .	'Because pizza first became popular in these countries .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Chinese tend show politeness modesty denying truth praise .	'Chinese speakers dislike being complimented .
What 's the best title for the above passage ? Historians rank Lincoln best USpresident	'An introduction to American presidents
The best title of the passage is most likely to be The Changing Relations Between Man Wife	'Reasons for Increasing Divorce
What can we learn about volcanoes from this passage ? New volcanoes may appear places people expect	'Volcanoes are always growing .
In which travel routes can one enjoy whale - watching ?    Great Ocean Road , Australia Garden Route , South Africa	'Stelvio Pass 
"Why does the author mention "" They then "" translated "" ... modern language "" ? To prove classics useful ordinary versions ."	'To show self - help books act like rocket - boosters to the brain .
Which of the following is the best title ? Clorinda 's Gifts	'A Special Christmas
Thomas Edison is mentioned because got ideas dreams	'he also tried to invent a sewing machine
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Liu Xiang good athlete music - lover .	'Liu Xiang was the youngest athlete to take part in the competition in England .
The best title for this passage is Edison , Great Inventor	'Edison 
What can we learn from the story ? The writer n't want admit mistake beginning .	"""The writer 's teacher often hit her students ."
Which of the following facts most probably helps McManus and her team in identifying the origin of stones ? Gemstones area produce similar light patterns .	'Heat can turn ice into water or water into steam .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Library staff play important role college library service .	'Chinese library services are better than western ones .
In Mark 's opinion , position solve problems	'nobody was so able as to solve the problems
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? American culture shows spirit conservative social cultural values .	'Two thirds of immigrant families are low income households .
What is the main purpose of the text ? To advise people chewing gum .	'To persuade people to buy medical gum .
Where will you most probably read the above passage ? On local government website .	'In classified tourism advertisements .
When a dog catches cold , it is wrong to let eat much solid food	'keep it inside during cold and wet weather
Which of the following statements is NOT true about Linden Lab ? Linden Lab first created Second Life people thirty years old .	'Linden Lab creates Second Life for both adults and youngsters .
If you have time only on Sunday morning , you can join Ball Games Club	'Roller Skating Club
When Jeanette Rankin was young, women right vote	'women were not allowed to work with men
The author gives the example of using seat belts in order to show people wo n't change old habits unless forced	"'most people are used to wearing seat belts', ""it 's not difficult to change some negative habits"
The passage is mainly about effect fish eating regularly people 's health	'the high incidence of heart disease in some countries
Why did the author let her son take the subway alone ? Because felt traveling subway New York basic life skill .	'Because she always let her son do whatever he wanted .
What does the text mainly talk about ? A hotel hunting experience .	'An introduction to hotels .
We can learn from the passage that scientists tried repeat original survey	'this survey of moths has been carried out many times
Which is true about weather forecasting ? Weather forecasting way telling weather like .	'Weather forecasting is a report about the weather .
Elaine Tyrrell does n't encourage parents to hire private tutors for their children mainly because children may real ability deal studies	'children may be misled by private tutors
If you use the default password , home router changed new settings .	"'your home router will be linked to some bad websites .', ""you will find it 's very convenient to surf the Internet"
We can learn from the passage that Finally Mark happy achieved goal day	"""many of Mark 's classmates gave up by the end of the second lap"
Which of the following is right ? The writer confident Father would praise poem .	'A few months later 
In 1906 , a certain scientist shared the Nobel Prize with the Curies because made contributions research	"""he trenched    upon the Curies ' discovery"
What problem do the speakers talk about ? Whether teachers give homework students .	'Whether students should be punished without doing homework .
The writer introduces the topic of the passage by comparing good books good friends life	'describing life experience of great writers
The passage is mainly about cooperation distinctive human nature	"'the helping behaviors of young children', ""ways to train children 's shared intentionality"
According to the passage , which of the following is wrong ? Food Mars much better eat .	'A special plant which can produce water 
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The show earned 100 million yuan totally .	"""The show was n't worth its ticket prices because of many advertisements ."
What can we learn from the text ? Many things decide place family computers .	'A child should not be allowed to use a computer .
The best title for the passage is Teacher 's Day around world	"""The history of Teacher 's Day"
Cocoa farmers are choosing to grow rubber and corn because these crops make money	'need less rain to grow
Why was the documentary made ? To honor Deng 's contribution China .	'To help younger viewers remember that period of history .
We can learn from the text that Mr. Smith n't know Champ Watson 's son first	'Mr. Smith was told not to fire Watson by Herbie
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? The new technique clinic test .	'The new technique has been tested in labs .
This passage mainly tells us advantages learning play piano online course	'the disadvantages of the traditional ways of learning to play the piano
"From the passage , we can learn problems "" plug - hybrids "" remain done"	"'we can buy one of "" plug - in hybrids "" now"
Sociological studies show that parents children live together make lack   outside family	'the more the family moves 
What does the passage lead you to believe ? 4D printing benefit humans saving labor somehow .	'4D printing will take the place of 3D printing in the near future .
From the text , we can learn that correcting mistakes help robot work successfully	'robots are getting more and more popular
The best title for this passage would be Advantages Disadvantages Uniforms	'Uniforms and Society
It can be inferred from the passage that in the Mission District immigrants different cultures live harmony	'Latin American music and foods are the most attractive
Which of the following might be the best title for the text ? The Story Advertising	'The Value of Advertising Designs
From the passage , we know that exercise good eating habits good health	"""Li Ping is a little fat and she is n't healthy"
Who is the probable audience for this article ? People interested starting learn meditation .	'Experienced meditation practitioners .
From the passage we can see HK universities n't expect enrollment mainland students would popular	"""did n't mean to enroll top students from mainland"
It can be known from the passage that two ways contact company .	'the new version will announce the scores
The census shows the changes that have taken place regarding number people work area	'the size of hospitals in the area
When they filmed the ad , The actor ad drunk .	'Winfield was too drunk .
What does the story mainly tell us ? Expressing love person best .	'We should often give flowers to our mothers .
What was the best gift that the author got on Christmas Eve ? Alice 's happiness .	"""Praise from Alice 's friends ."
In the writer 's opinion , peace efforts human beings	'another world war is inevitable
The writer 's purpose in writing the passage is introduce several attractive cities Asia	'to compare some tourist cities in Asia
There are a lot of weeds in Mr. Brown 's Garden because Mr. Brown busy work garden	'the garden is too small
The owner put a ladder up to the roof to help cow get	'climb over the house
Why did China allow foreign banks to offer credit cards to Chinese citizens ? To improve competitiveness international market .	"""To increase Chinese citizens ' confidence in economy ."
Why did all except the elder refuse to take Love with them ? Because writer 's opinion , Love nothing .	"'Because they have enough Love already .', ""Because they do n't need Love ."
Which of the following can not be inferred from the passage ? Discriminatory laws prevent disabled mixing others .	'Many disabled people may remain single for their whole life .
Edward O. Wilson thinks that situation biodiversity serious	"""it does n't matter to reduce biodiversity"
The author is deeply grateful for the present life because parents children still alive	"""her sons do n't live far away from her home"
According to the passage , one works better one 's peak energy point	'if you know your cycle you can change it to fit your life .
Which of the following BEST gives the main idea of this passage ? It easy find exact truth newspapers	'A fire broke out one night in Seabreeze Hotel
This passage is about     stay healthy travel	'how exciting travel is
As suggested by the article , which of the following newspapers have the largest umber of readers in the world ? English language newspapers .	'Italian language newspapers .
The true statement of the following according to the passage is jailer moved I said family kids	'when I was smiling to the jailer 
Children at the camp ca n't learn to make game rules	'carry the ball with feet
What can be learned from the text ? Taylor appear stage .	'Liu Huan will sing Little Apple .
According to the passage , you can do all the following things in the Park Except walking right falls	"""getting a full view of Devil 's Throat on the viewing balcony"
What was the author 's purpose when writing this passage ? To introduce common knowledge pruning .	'To discuss different methods of pruning .
What is probably the best title for this passage ? Kids Should Have Chances Learn Code	'Start Coding as Early as Possible
Why is John Muir featured on the back of a California state quarter ? Because helped people understand importance protecting natural world .	'Because he wrote articles to spread the word about conserving forests .
What does the author think of her parents'families ? She enjoys spending time parents'families although quite different .	"""She believes that her mother and father 's families should learn from each other ."
According to researchers , how should parents react when their child did something wrong ? Show child angry tell .	'Ask the child not to do it again any time .
It was in Paris that Alice Waters took fancy unique food culture	'learned about cooking delicious food
"According to the story , the word "" hamburgers "" comes from The round pieces beef people Hamburg brought America ."	"""England because Germans do n't speak good English ."
From what Winter Vinecki said at the conference , it can be inferred that others n't want father died	"""it 's more proper for children to talk about prostate cancer"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Claudia take drugs prevent rejection .	"'Human bodies always reject transplanted organs even with their own cells', ""The donor 's cells had to be removed because they were unhealthy"
What on earth caused the tree to move ? The wind .	'The tree itself felt happy and was dancing .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? There many Chinese sayings idioms dragons .	'Dragons are real animals .
What can we infer from the passage ? The mother paid lot attention relationships .	"""The father did n't want the birthday party ."
How big is a football field ? 100 long 73 wide .	'7.32 m long and 2.44 m high .
We can learn from the passage that Zhao Huanhuan enjoys communicating Lu Ke	"""has n't met Lu Ke for a long time"
The main purpose of writing this text is inform us combination two companies	'to compare the two world - famous companies
Which of the following sentences is NOT true ? If student , view new technology Internet .	"'The schools provide computer labs for those who have no personal computers .', 'On the Internet ', "" you can visit another city 's library as easily as the local people ."
The paper textbooks should still be widely available because computers may break sometimes	"""students wo n't have trouble with their pens"
The man cut off the remaining bit of the cocoon help butterfly come easily	'to take the butterfly home
What will the passage most probably talk about next ? Some examples badly tortured dogs .	'How to stop people from torturing dogs .               ks5u
What would be the best title for this passage ? Skilled Ear Music May Help Language Study .	'Mandarin Speakers Are Smarter than English Speakers .
What can be inferred about Tom 's mother ? She wanted get Tom pain .	"""She refused Tom 's request ."
What is the best title for this passage ? Seasons New Zealand	'Come to New Zealand
The main idea of this passage is invention copying photosynthesis	'an introduction to the history of artificial leaves
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Shenzhou-9 sent three astronauts , including female , space .	"'China sent its first woman into outer space .', ""China 's advanced space technology amazed the world ."
Which of the following is true ? Dick , clever boy , liked asking questions .	'Roger dislikes teaching the children
Bill 's family got angry because grandson made lot noise	'the old lady had died
The author wrote this passage to strongly recommend e - book	"""show the author 's attitude to money"
""" It is still men 's world "" means women given chance men"	"'there are more men than women in the world', ""there 're more men scientists or engineers than women in the world"
Why was Armand so astonished when he read about Stanley in the magazine ? He n't expect Stanley become success .	"""He did n't know Stanley had been a British soldier ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Roger	"'Craig Mello and Andrew Fire have found the way to cure cancers ', "" AIDS and Parkinson 's disease ."
Viewers of all nations and civilizations can understand and appreciate painting because painting displays universal qualities	'painting is thought to be artistic
"Why did Wright organize "" The Button Show "" ? To raise button show level art ."	'To show the importance of buttons .
Cars are not permitted to enter Central Park on weekends Bike Better City still satisfied	'so that Bike for a Better City is pleased
Which of the following best shows the author 's attitude towards tourism ? Tourism opportunity economy well threat environment .	'We should greatly promote tourism as it has no disadvantages .
Why did the young man win the fight ? He took advantage Olav 's pride .	'He was a stronger warrior than Olav .
The writer knew there was something wrong with her mother brother 's call	'by giving her mother a call
The main purpose of the article is to show ways dealing shyness	'explain how shyness developed
In the research , the old people are asked to record feelings activities	'note the activities of AIBOs
Which of the following is wrong   ? The driver speak English well .	'Ann and her mother are going to the Great Wall .
According to Ben Rhodes , which is the purpose of Barack Obama 's visit to Cuba ? [ To break silence communications .	"""To carry out his vision for Cuba 's future ."
According to the text , we know that eating fast food connected weight gain insulin resistance .	"'many people keep eating fast food because they know nothing about the harm which fast food will bring them', ""fast food plays a key role in children 's growth"
What is the purpose of the passage ? To change people 's attitude towards people Down Syndrome	'To prove people with Down Syndrome are a lot like healthy ones
From the diary , we can see the daughter thought mother n't understand	'thanked her mother for asking her
From the passage , we can make a conclusion that people n't like look others	'the attendant aboard is unfriendly
What was Ms. Chang 's attitude after she learned Nuala 's leg was broken ? She kept calm active .	'She was mad at Nuala .
According to the article , women students likely travel abroad alone	'most of the women students will travel abroad during the summer holidays
What is the passage mainly about ? How Jenny found music inside .	'What benefits Jenny got from making music .
What is the debate about ? Higher education New York 's prisons .	"""Lawmakers ' rights in New York ."
Which of the following is TRUE about the first competition ? The winning sukkahs sold help homeless people .	'More than 600 sukkahs were built in a park in New York City .
What do we know about Mrs White ? She loves son much .	'She loves computer games too .
What 's the author 's purpose of writing this text ? To introduce	'To suggest ways to prepare for college learning
The reason why wine and sake can improve IQ is that wine sake contain substances considered slow ageing process	'wine and sake have special taste
The passage is mainly talking about advantages children ' using computers	"""the disadvantages of children 's using computers"
From the passage , we can know that World Heritage sites belong world great value humanity	'UNESCO signed the World Heritage Convention in 1972
Which is the best title of the passage ? Accounting And Bookkeeping	'Good Records
"The expression "" step back in time at least a hundred years "" is intended to convey that today 's arrangement college classroom space little difference past 's"	'college classrooms often reminded people of their past
What can be the best title   of the article ? Small Rice , Big Dream	'Healthy Rice
The chief reason that boys are seldom trained to follow their father 's occupation is wide choice employment children	'that children nowadays rarely see their fathers at their place of work
What 's the text mainly about ? . Air pollution : different cities , different ways	'Air pollution in Beijing and Chongqing .
The passage makes us believe that two new sharks younger former ones	'the author helped ship the sharks
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Before boy knew truth , mother died .	"""There is nothing wrong with the boy 's ears ."
What do we learn about Kodak ? It approaching downfall .	'It initiated the digital revolution in the film industry .
Which of the following will the writer agree with ? It n't matter forget word speaking .	'When practising English 
By referring to smoking the author indicates that easy authorities restrict ban something	'sugar has just turned out to be as harmful as smoking
What can you infer from the passage ? The appliance new panel still research .	'Some people got benefits from producing the panels .
Which of the following statements is Not true according to the passage ? Most people likely die age 30 past .	'People with smaller bones were more likely to die younger .
What does Pete feel about the English language ? At first difficult understand people .	'He can understand different dialects and accents .
Besides the beautiful sights in Jasper Park Lodge , visitors to Jasper can enjoy themselves by taking Jasper Skytram eating restaurant	'taking the Banff - Jasper loop and Jasper Skytram
Which of the following is TRUE ? Monkeys go blue box n't show .	"""Scientists find that dogs do n't like colours ."
We can learn from the passage that people suffering earthquakes often buy earthquake insurance	'about 1
From the text , we can learn that Gonzalez 's business improved little lately	'Gonzalez will not return to her company in future
"What does the phrase""eye contact""means ? A kind greeting without words ."	'Shaking hands with the interviewer .
The passage is about American country music	"""the cowboy 's life"
Which wife did the merchant love most ? The 4th wife .	'The 1st wife .
What is the best title of the passage ? Make schedule , follow	'Advantages of starting a timetable
According to the passage , which way is not likely to be accepted by English beginners ? Recite poems loudly along riverside .	'Listen to some English pop songs and video .
We can learn from the passage that top basketball player win scholarship college	"""her family would n't like to pay her college fee"
The reason why white - colored iPhone 4 was delayed by 10 months is that met problems concerning design manufacture	'it lacked white manufacturing materials
Which is the right relationship of the characters in the novel ? Von Altenburg Anne 's intended husband .	"""Von Altenburg was the Baron 's son ."
What is the main idea of the passage ? Lonely people affect others .	'Actions should be taken to help lonely people .
What 's the best title for this passage ? Firefly	'Dhon
According to the passage , Mr. Gardner deeply impressed Guling 's people environment	'lived and worked in Guling for ten years
From the passage we know that man protect land	'trees can blow soil away
Leo 's mom has curly blonde hair	'a big mouth
Which of the following statements is not true ? Hitler wanted father children .	'The boy was both clever and courageous
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? The author idle child living near river .	'We should try our best not to let our bad times get the best of us .
Why did John 's mother decide to move to Chicago ? Because John needed education badly .	'Because his father died when John was very young .
At present , many American students are learning Chinese because China 's influence grows	'they wish to work in China
Which was the best way for the fishing company to keep fishes fresh ? Keeping fishes sharks .	'Getting the fishes frozen .
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? A love dog , companion boy	'Unlucky boy 
According to Timothy Connaghan , we can conclude that     mall Santa tolerates lot Christmas	'all children are moved to tears when seeing Santa
Wang Xiaojun wo n't have the birthday dinner because parents going Shenzhen tomorrow	"""there is n't a birthday cake"
The main purpose of the passage is to tell us encourage creativity children	'why IQ tests are not accurate
Which of the following is TRUE according to the article ? The mother cat moved five babies safer place despite fire .	'The author went to rescue the cats as soon as he heard them crying .
What would be introduced following the passage ? The admission principle .	"""Amusement parks ' earnings ."
According to the text , James March is researcher studies way humans think act	'a poet who uses experience in his writing
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? The True Story Home Alone	'Kids Are Left Alone
To develop your kids ' interest in reading , you can bring them to Scholastic Store	'the Whispering Gallery
Which is not true about the writer ? She used walk ride horses city city .	'She felt good about the village life .
What is this passage mainly about ? How French parents raise children compared American parents .	"'Why French children love eating at restaurants .', ""Why American children do n't like eating at mealtime ."
The passage tells us eat	'where to eat
The text tells us that hotel offers least seven kinds services	'you can shop at any time inside the hotel
From the article , we can learn that English native speakers understand English jokes easily	'jokes about sports are the most difficult ones for foreign people who have different cultural backgrounds
A bed should be put according to the following rules EXCEPT bed ca n't face door sake privacy	'the head of your bed should be placed against a wall
Where 's the lake ? It 's mountains .	"""It 's near the swimming pool ."
According to the author , what is the most annoying problem caused by cell phones ? Cell phones interrupt people 's private time .	'People get so bothered by the cell phone rings that they fail to notice anything else .
Which of the following is Untrue according to the above passage ? All American women went work World War I.	'Blacks women were not allowed to fight in World War I.
"What makes PSY 's "" Gangnam Style "" the famous music of millions of people ? They like dance moves horse riding style ."	'The song has set the Guinness World Record .
What is the main idea of the text ? The simple analysis Disneyland 's popularity parts world	'The reason for building Disneyland across the globe
It can be inferred   from the text that leather ball may increase weight game	'a synthetic ball takes in water faster than a leather ball
From the introduction of Where the Wild Things Are , it can be inferred that Max 's mother loves , Max	"""Max does n't love his mother "
What happened to the author on his way to the community college ? He covered last quarter mile foot .	'He parked his car in a perfect place .
According to the passage , which of the followings is TRUE ? Three suspects first high - profile art theft less year arrested .	'In December 
Which of the following is TRUE ? Dolphins travel group .	'Dolphins study in the school .
Which of the following is Not true ? Abstract artists feel work art one meaning	'Picasso painted in many different styles .
If you tell the staff it 's your birthday , you will given special gift City Hall	'get free entrance to Disneyland
This passage is mainly about development English language	'naming new words
We may learn from the passage that people reject foreigners ' immigrating country	'the author thinks immigrating can help mix different cultures together
The passage is mainly about choose right dogs family pets	'how to take care of dogs
The participants were asked to provide pictures shoes	'look at pictures of different shoes
What would be the best title for the text ? Mum saves girl first aid	'The importance of first aid
The author of the passage tends to correct people 's wrong beliefs eyes	'explain wearing glasses is no harm to children
Cyberschools are getting popular became students work speed	'they are less expensive for students
What can we infer from the passage ? Humanities becoming less less popular students .	'Studying science subjects is sure to find a well - paid job .
What does the text mainly deal with ? Mistakes made movies .	'Plots of some famous movies .
This passage is mainly about New Madrid fault Missouri	'current scientific knowledge about faults
From the passage we learn that KIND News encourages children help homeless pets	'collects donations for homeless people
This passage mainly tells us film production companies	'some American popular movies
In the author 's opinion , which of the following is not true ? woman grows old , beauty completely disappear .	'even a plainly - dressed woman may have pure and real beauty .
Which of the following is right about sending gifts ? If invited single French hostess love , send red roses .	'If someone in France is dead 
In Ben 's opinion , which is the right way to protect ourselves when we see a bear ? We must n't move suddenly .	'We should make lots of noise .
Why did the two men never talk about climbing when they first met ? Corbett n't want hurt Wellman .	'Corbett was poorly trained .
After the competition , the author came to realize that could god fate tried hard enough	'it was time to forget her pony and treat Cowboy better
Which is TRUE about the origin of language ? Words written form , first .	'Men 
What is the best title of the passage ? A cowboy artist	'A handsome cowboy
Both of them laughed in the end because told lies make happy	'they would go on with their lessons soon
Astronaut Zhai Zhigang will be remembered as the first Chinese walk space	'to enter space
Which is the best title for this passage ? A Must homework time .	'Do Your homework at the same time .
The speed of Wave 1 is 100 cm / s , frequency 10 . The frequency of Wave 2 is 300 , while its speed is twice that of Wave 1 . Which of the following is right ? The wavelength Wave 1 longer Wave 2 .	'The wavelength of Wave 1 is 10 times longer than that of Wave 2 .
"Why do people name the Folds "" Messenger of Peace "" ? Because get well animals ."	'Because their ears are folded .
Which of the following statements is true ? We n't tall end day beginning .	'For shrinking 
Which of the following statement is TRUE about America in the 1970s ? Increasing compensation benefits caused result workers claimed damages .	"""The poverty level from families increased when the compensation system was in workers ' \n     favor ."
The research on younger planets helps scientists know relationship planets stars	'study why planets change orbits after forming
What view do the modem psychologists hold ? Children must understood respected .	'Children are small adults and know what they need .
The article tells us that Steve Jobs n't know real parents	"""Steve Jobs 's parents lived in San Francisco"
"According to the passage , the British in the 17th century used word "" Dutch "" something bad"	"'first used the word "" Dutch """
The man stopped eating baked beans because n't want lose face wife	"""his wife did n't hate his breaking wind"
From this passage we learn that fewer girls used take part competition	'only American citizens take part in the competition
"The best title for the passage would be ""   Development National Flag"	'Power of the National Flag
What is the purpose of the author in writing this passage ? To give people knowledge blood donation	'To teach people how to be a blood donor
The writer writes this article mainly to tell people treat dropouts	'prove that not all dropouts are bad
What is the best title of the passage ? Jeans --- Popular Piece Clothing Our Daily Life	'Jeans --- Symbol of Wealth
The purpose of the author is to throw light special benefit working	'advise us to mix work and family
Why did Dennis ignore the warning of the old man ? He greedy crops .	'The old man envied him .
Which of the following is the most beneficial to women with breast cancer ? A glass red wine per day .	'A glass of white wine per day .
What does Creed mention as a limitation of the technology ? It deals limited number facial expressions .	'It only changes the areas around the mouth and the eyes .
What can we learn from the passage ? Of registered nurses Beijing male nurses make 2 % .	'Male nurses will be much more popular than female nurses in China .
What happens    to Helen 's family ? Helen new baby sister	"""Helen 's mother is not healthy"
The author did n't buy her lunch at the cafeteria because family poor	'her lunch was various
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Country music sung stars English .	'Country music is about human feelings and events .
All of the following statements are correct EXCEPT stories suitable learners different levels	'the learners can listen to a story while reading it
What is the feature of the Hotel Havana ? The hotel existed century .	'The rooms in the hotel look the same .
Which is NOT the right way to reduce indoor air pollution ? Do n't use water - based paints pollute air .	"'Open the windows for 15 to 30 minutes each day to let the fresh air in .', ""Turn off the light when you do n't need them ."
What can we learn from what Robin Lanzi says ? She holds similar belief Safyer gives explanation .	"""She thinks children ca n't behave well without being rewarded ."
Which of the training will be done on the Internet ? General training .	'Position training .
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? More people fly Canada China directly .	'There was no non - stop service between Canada and China mainland .
In the passage the author argues that unfair blame English teachers language deficiencies students	'to improve the level of English requires the effort of several generations
Which might be the main idea of the passage ? Who escape QQ cell phone text messaging ?	'Why is instant messaging so popular ?
What can we learn from the passage ? Oktoberfest provides chance drink , eat , dance .	'Oktoberfest 2016 is mainly celebrated in October .
The author     teachers sisters	'had different teachers from her sisters
Which is TRUE to the passage ? It girl 's kind help happened kill man .	'The man just ran away from a prison .
According to the passage , the author mailed chicken egg Express Mail	'mailed the chicken and the egg in the same package
From the passage we can infer    sugar plays important role Americans ' diet	'kids consume more sugar than adults in America
Which of the following is said to be against the norm of tipping in the US ? Refusing give tips tour guide .	'Paying waiters and waitresses less than $ 7.25 per hour .
John is always in a hurry and not good at arranging his time . He should attend Free Your Space ..... Free Your Mind	'Computer Training
What is the best title of the passage ? Ebola ---- The Deadly Virus Outbreak	'Ebola ---- The African Local Disaster
The main idea of this passage is many people willing pay goods would like hold	"""more and more people do n't care about the goods they want to buy"
Which of the following is TRUE ? People often use sign language .	"""Teachers do n't know sign language ."
The writer thought it was a little discouraging to be a grandmother because emotionally ready one	'she thought her daughter was too young to be a mother
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? In Harry Lime 's opinion , Switzerland produced masters despite peace democracy .	'In the index 
What should wireless companies do according to the Federal Communications Commission ? Get customers informed 're near limit plan .	"""Make customers know when they 're outside their service area ."
The main idea of this passage is that    happiness thing everyone wants get	'happiness means the same to everyone
Which of the following is NOT mentioned ? People build farms sea .	'People will be able to fly to the moon in a spaceship .
During the field trip to a museum of Indian craft work , the First Lady encouraged students study hard	'asked why only the first girls could go to school
What can be a suitable title for the passage ? ABC using wind energy .	'Where to build a wind farm .
Which of the following about Doslu is true ? She idea took books away	'She dropped her first book on top of a telephone booth .
What could be the best title of the news report ? Chinese Students Arrive Arctic Station	'Chinese Students Play Ice Hockey at Arctic Station
According to Ma Juncai , the uncovering of the three pits is a miracle because shows may tomb group	"""it 's helpful in discovering Emperor Qinshihuang 's tomb"
The second technique suggests that you just imagine every resource achieve goal	'setting a goal is as simple as skiing
From the passage we can know war must stopped man wants survive	'it is impossible to live without war
Which statement is NOT true about Pedulla 's experiment ? The applicants ' resumes phone numbers created Pedulla .	"'The applicants had some things in common at their first two jobs .', ""The applicants ' most recent job experiences affected the callback rates ."
In the author 's opinion , the construction of a theatre will offer people another experience	"""save movie - goers ' money and time"
For the fans of The Lord of the Rings , Elvish adds novel 's attractiveness	'Elvish is a language difficult to learn
What does the writer want to tell us ? We make success habit .	'We should never miss a shot .
We can learn from the passage EXCEPT that John performed several musical instruments fun young	"'his mother bought him a saxophone in 1939', ""in his early twenties John joined Gillespie 's band"
What can we learn from the passage ? Not people Beijing holiday November 7 12 .	"""Cars ca n't be used in Beijing from November 3 to 12 ."
The purpose of The Global Age Watch Index is to get governments people care older people world	'warn governments of the severe environmental problems in their countries
The passage is mainly about work retirement	'money and check
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? There normal bloggers .	"'Only bloggers express their feelings through the Internet .', ""All people in the world are listening to the bloggers ' voice ."
What is the best title for this passage ? Why Price Food Going Up ?	'How Many People are Short of Food ?
Why has the suicide rate in China dropped steadily according to Jing Jun ? Because number Chinese women commit suicide declined .	"'Because the life level of Chinese people has improved a lot .', ""Because China 's government has adopted measures to reduce the suicide rate ."
Which of the following statements is true ? Some art dealers awaiting better chances come .	"'.Sales of contemporary art fell dramatically from 2003 to 2008 .', ""The art market did n't match many other industries in momentum ."
What is the right order of cities in this year 's quality of living list ? Zurich , Munich , London , Birmingham	'Vienna 
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? . Diet soda may cause overweight	'Diet soda is good for your health
What can you know from the passage ? Lisa lucky many people helping .	"'Lisa is so nervous .', ""The doctor has no confidence in Lisa 's operation ."
The purpose of the passage is to tell us something teacher living cave 28 years	'introduce a natural cave to people
All the following descriptions about the courses are true EXCEPT that Dance designed learners want improve skills	"""Choir is very helpful in developing students ' vocal skills"
Elena went to Greece in order to visit grandparents	'Christine
Why is it bad to be totally calculating about one 's plans according to Puett ? Students wo n't pay enough attention improving daily lives .	"""Students wo n't dare to think big ."
What can be inferred from this passage ? Children mentally challenged likely successful .	"'Parents ought to develop a new form of discipline to educate their kids .', ""It 's   ly necessary to punish strong - willed kids physically ."
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? Exhibition halls museum area 40,000 square metres .	"""It 's a national museum of science and technology ."
According to the advertisement , which of the following statements is NOT true ? People return lid October 2012 January 2013 .	'People should stop using the mug immediately .
Which of the following statements is Mrs. Black foolish   .	'The cat goes home with the two women .
When the first piece hits the South Atlantic , it causes huge waves	'an Earth explosion
The widening gap between clinical practice and science is due to great progress made psychological research	'the cruel judgment by Walter Mischel
If a country wants to take part in the World Cup , she must have    good team	'many football fans
How did the Jacobs manage to solve their problem ? They got help school federal government .	'They asked their kids to come home .
Why do many people visit there every year ? Because many big squares nice museums .	'Because riding bicycles is very easy and fun .
From the passage , some economists believe that the worsening income inequality is caused by lack proper governmental policies	'lower college degree of college graduates
It can be learned from the text that British get impatient queuing long	'the British used to buy without delay
"Mrs Lin wanted to buy a new dress . Her husband suggested that she buy it from a shop near their home . Mrs Lin disagreed because she had been cheated by that shop . So she said , "" I wo n't go there again because    bitten , twice shy"	'a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
In Titanic , the scene of the lower class people remaining locked in the basement as the ship goes down is used to emphasize condition poor time	'criticize non - tolerant and cold - hearted rich people
More young people drop out of college because longer motivated studies	'they compete for admission to graduate schools
From this passage we can see that    many people liked Teddy Roosevelt	'many people did not like Teddy Roosevelt
This passage mainly tells us about     Audrey 's hard times achievement	"""Audrey 's struggle in the film fields and public admiration"
From the passage we can infer that     Chinese Americans share least one holiday	"""students do n't have to go to school on any holiday"
Compared with Earth , Mars close sun	'Mars has a long history
Which of the following can be inferred from the passage ? Whatever difficulties may meet life , bend , never break .	'Life is like a bamboo tree that never breaks .
In what way did the policemen carry out the order from their officers ? They pretended attracted something else .	'They greeted Rolls when the car came along .
Which of the following might be the best title for the passage ? Sitting Too Much Could Be Dangerous	'More and More People Sit Too Much
Why can the writer only write one letter to the two boys ? He extremely busy .	'He has got a new address .
Gloria 's father was ill returned Vietnam War	'when they settled down in Miami .
Where does Jenny have her breakfast ? She breakfast home .	'She has her breakfast at school .
How did the author react to the request as a dancer ? She agreed without moment 's thought .	'She was eager to meet Miley Cyrus very soon .
Which of the following is NOT true ? The poverty line tends level .	'Ten percent of the Americans live a poor life .
Why do some people only buy the products of the famous companies ? Because think fashionable good taste .	'Because they think the products are good in quality .
What are healthy food ? Fruit vegetables .	'Fruit and dessert .
What else can we learn about Fan Yi from the article ? She 's believed writing Swordbird stories .	'Her Chinese version of Swordbird was published in US .
Which of the following is TRUE about Grace Kane ? She girl many talents .	'She is only interested in rock climbing .
This passage is mainly about make campus safe	'how to protect the students
What is the purpose of the passage ? To inform readers kid - friendly holiday ideas .	'To introduce some perfect holiday activities .
Ghana has reached the targets of hunger reduction mainly because of growth agricultural production	'the still high food prices
If you drew a funny picture on your friend 's face while he was sleeping , you were making monkey	'monkeying around
"Which of the following statements is NOT true about MOOCs ? The word "" MOOCs "" acronym "" Massive open online campuses . """	'Anyone who has a computer and an Internet connection can take MOOCs .
What do we know about Annual Playwright Challenge ? The winner join production musical .	"'It is intended for students aged 6 - 18 .', ""One has to submit one 's entry before March 14 ."
According to the essay , what led to the shutdown of the American government ? The American government ran money may fail repaying debts .	'The government of America ran out of money .
Which of the following is right ? Sam washed car every weekend .	'Sam cleaned his room once a month .
From Robert Feldman , we can learn that honesty likely help people become mentally healthier	'white lies might make people have more complaints
If you want to enjoy a good dining during shopping you can go to St. Johns Town Center	'River City Marketplace
NASDAQ is also known as an over - the -counter market because it seems store	'a stock market
The most important thing in watching birds is to    look place near bird nest	'catch a bird
What does the text tell us about Fijian people ? They stick traditional way life .	"'They invented "" Fiji time "" for visitors ."
What was Ms . Yates ' belief in teaching teenagers ? Hard - pushed students likely succeed .	"""Teachers ' knowledge is the key to students ' achievements ."
At the end of the passage the writer wants to tell us differences British English American English grow larger	'British and American English will be two different languages some day
It can be inferred from Para . 2 that foods natural enzymes help people keep fit	"""we 'd better be cautious about raw and whole foods"
If you are suffering from the trouble that you ca n't remember vocabulary , you must make sure spend enough time learn	'listen or read whatever you come across
The main purpose of the passage is to call better use development natural gas	'discuss the importance of oil and natural gas
What can we know about Mark Crames ? He uses high technology make perfumes .	'He is a businessman who makes memories .
"According to the passage , "" fun activities "" may help us relax forget problems sometimes"	'are the things we do before we find happiness
Where can visitors have lunch ? At Artisan Gallery & Creamery Cafe `	'At Wisconsin Historical Museum
"The best title for the passage might be Venus --- Earth 's "" twin """	'The Size of Venus
France could remain the lead in world fashion and Paris could attract so many designers from all over the world because B C	'French people never wear fashionable clothes
Which of the following best gives the main idea of this newspaper article ? Computer defeats man chess !	"""World 's best chess player beaten !"
We can learn from the passage that everybody meet line honest reliable	'it is not acceptable to post a photo of a friend on line
Professor Popkin probably agrees that walking work helps people keep fit .	'watching TV makes people put on weight
We can infer from the passage that earlier people retire , less Social Security benefits get	'all U.S. citizens should pay Social Security tax
".Why does Virgin Airlines try to replace normal fuel with biofuel ? To reduce CO 
 2 emissions airplanes ."	'To cut down the flight cost of the company .
The passage is mainly about SQ way improved	'what your SQ is and in what way it can benefit our life
What is NOT the reason for teenagers to be volunteers according to the passage ? They want make friends .	'It helps them get work experience .
The participates in the study were asked to pick best three competitors	'watch classical music competitions
What may be the best title for this passage ? The Weather Influences People 's Emotions	'Why Do We Feel Sad ?
Who won two gold medals ? Edwin Moses Greg Louganis .	'Dominique Dawes and Edwin Moses .
What serves as the evidence that man is changing ? Man growing taller past 500 years .	"""Man 's hair is getting thinner and thinner ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? Be ready leave burning house window garden .	'In a fire 
Katharine 's example is used to show that OCEARCH help people get closer great whites	'great whites are in fact lovely animals
From the passage we know Camara Morelli knew	'Camara was in his native country
The best title of the passage is Concept Cars Are Driving Future	'The@Ant Draws a Lot of Attention
Why did Jenny spend a lot of money on the snacks ? There money could use .	'Debbie had money .
The author mentions General Electric , IBM , Ford , etc . as examples to show training widely used country .	'show that the training program is fully supported by famous companies in the U. S.
Which of the following gives a general idea of how the above device works ? By producing new sound waves suck away unwanted sound waves .	'By producing low - frequency sound waves and rebroadcast them .
What suggestion does the author make concerning the management of schools ? A child 's personality considered regard possible future job .	'All students be made into competitive A types .
The passage mainly tells us snooker player Ding Junhui 's story	'how to be a top player in snooker
What would be the title for the passage ? No risk , gain .	'Taking risks is easier said than done
Which of the following is NOT true ? Hamburgers Jenny 's favorite food .	'The White family ride bikes to the park .
From the survey we know that among the people surveyed think celebrating foreign festivals sign foreign goodness chasing	'most think celebrating foreign festivals is ridiculous
Why do people go to Woolsthorpe Manor to see the apple tree ? Because story apple tree .	'Because of the long history of the apple tree .
The most important thing is must eat seven kinds food	'many people in the world are hungry
Billy , Tony and Sandy must be boys Sonny run races	"""boys who were unknown to Sonny 's father"
What is the relationship between a new thought and its being put into practice ? One may come new thought , may put practice .	"""It 's more difficult to create a new thought than to put it into practice ."
The main reason for the fishing company to fish in the far sea was that fish resource near shore decrease	'the fishes farther away from the sea tasted fresher
"The word "" skimming "" means ""   reading main points"	'reading carefully
What do parents worry about most according to the passage ? Computers cell phones may harm children .	"'Their children spend too much time on computers and cell phones .', ""Their children do n't know how to use computers and cell phones ."
What is the little miracle that has been happening to Sally 's mom ? She sees butterflies every time goes .	'She has a wonderful time with her daughter .
The Fugitive Slave Law made Harriet 's job difficult	'protected running slaves
What can be the best title for the passage ? Is Netspeak Harming English Language ?	'Netspeak : A Widely - Used Language on Internet
The author 's growing interest in watching the match mainly came from father 's love football explanation	"""his and his father 's common love of German food"
In Paragraph 2 the author puts forward three questions mainly remind people reconsider food purchase	'to prove Americans have less food to choose from
The crab 's changing colour protects crab sunlight enemies	'tells the crab what time it is
Which of the following is NOT true ? Many people think woman ring nose neither attractive ugly .	'Most African people think that a girl with shinny skin is beautiful .
The writer wrote the passage mainly to ask us care cultural differences	'show us how polite Russian people are
what is happening in the workforce in rich countries ? well - educated people tend work longer	'younger people are replacing the elderly
We can infer from the passage that good news sometimes negative influence	'bad news always makes people sad
Which is NOT right ? They worried money .	'Both Mr. Brown and Mr. Green are deaf
Why did Dr Baum come to a British national park ? Because needed present council 's diploma .	'Because it was the only national park of its kind in Europe .
Why could the author manage to read the book through ? He identified story book .	'He was forced by his mother to read it .
According to the passage , lottery winners like staying old friends	'enjoy making new friends
How did the author make up for what he had done ? He initiated idea Plant row Bean 's .	'He set up a local kitchen to help the poor .
What would be the best title for the passage ? A rebirth 33 rescued miners Chile	"'Rescued miners speak out', ""Miners ' life deep underground"
We know from Laurence Frank 's words that lions disappear within twenty years Kenya protected	'lions are losing their attraction for visitors to Kenya
What would be the best title of the text ? Tales two opposite lives	'Comments on the photos
.Which of the following can best serves as the title of this passage ? The First Commercial Flight Powered Biofuel .	'Biofuel - Alternative Fuel Sources .
The passage tells us that the spider lives grass banks streams	'feeds grass and thistles to its young .
What is the passage mainly about ? Returning studying overseas , students face trouble expected .	'Some universities offer to help students in need .
According to the investigators , which of the following might be the cause of the fire ? The fire started accident .	'Prisoners set the fire purposely .
One reason for the popularity of the thrift shops is that provide things , sometimes special , low prices	'their goods are carefully checked 
Some swimmers die in water because careful	'they swim so well
Farmer Joe and his mule were way truck hit sign roadside hit	'taking a rest by the road when the truck ran over and hit them
The passage indicates that Bad teeth may affect health adults young	"'Enamel is most widely used to protect teeth in the world', ""Breast milk can cure babies ' bad teeth"
You want the balloon to go up . So you will     make air inside balloon hotter	'jump out of the balloon
Which one is right ? Lucy Lily talking tree .	'Lucy and Lily are playing hide - and - seek with other children .
When the pig asked a dog , the dog said pig important	'said the pig was as important as the horse
What is article mainly about ? The different factors determine monkeys ' face patterns .	'The social lives of monkeys .
The center 's main target of women 's cancer prevention education this year is breast cancer , cervical cancer colorectal cancer	'breast cancer 
What dose the boss mean in Joke 2 ? He figured employee told lie .	"""He was lucky to see the employee 's former grandmother ."
Why do we need a good English - to - English dictionary ? Without 'll always depend native language end translating head .	'Because it can help us to find the right direction if we get lost .
Which of the following sentences is RIGHT according to the passage ? The clock n't wound several days Grandfather died .	'Grandfather wound the clock -- the more 
"The sentence "" I ran for everybody "" means     people anything want"	'he wants to get more artificial legs
Why ca n't ocean researchers explore the deep oceans for a long time ? Because ca n't stand high water pressure .	"""Because it 's too cold in deep ocean ."
What can we know from the two ads ? There many children art club .	'The art club has an e - mail address .
What 's Guo Jingming 's first novel ? City Fantasy .	'On the Edge of Love and Hurt .
According to the passage , the English enjoy all of the following Except dining public place among strangers	'the social activities 
The writer thinks English is interesting because teacher often teaches nice English songs .	'English is full of stories .
"It can be inferred from the passage that school staff say "" No "" plans shorter summer holiday"	'working parents can enjoy a five - week break to care for their children
The publishers chose the title China Is Not Happy for the book because thought would sell well	'the authors of the book asked them to do so .
The passage is mainly concerned with deveopment word bug	'the misunderstanding of thr word bug
according to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? The soccer field outside school yard .	'Green trees and colorful flowers are planted on either side of the roads .
The important stage in the study is let participants sleep	'to think of a creative word
The Library Building is in front of Science Lab Building	'the Teaching Building
Which of the following factors was not mentioned in the text that almost caused Lubeck 's life ? He frightened escape danger .	'He was living in his wood home alone that night .
The passage mainly discusses Face book developed	'when Face book is started
Go Ask Alice as mentioned in the passage is    intended counsel college students mental problems	'a collection of medical responses from students the world over
Eight hundred years ago an Englishman tried fly wings made chicken feathers	'made a kind of flying machine
What do we know about the camera traps set up in the Thai forest ? They play important role .	"""There are tigers ' fingerprints on them ."
Which of the statement is true according to the text ? The ACT measures mathematics , English , reading science .	'It usually takes about three hours to complete the SAT .
Which is the best title of the passage ? Fifty States Projects	'The Album of Songs about Michigan
He was employed by the company because written computer programs .	'he had worked in a computer shop .
Which statement is true about the Hulhumale ? The Hulhumale artificial island built near capital .	'The Hulhumale is a natural island near the capital of Male .
What is the aim of the Student Voice Conference ? To gather students ' ideas education share ideas schools .	'To invite some students to participate in a free forum about education .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? All items women take holiday great use .	'Women often tell their partners what they are going to take in advance .
What can be inferred from the passage ? Friends help trouble share feelings .	'With age 
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Why people shed tears .	'When people shed tears .
Which one is WRONG ? It 's warm winter Kunming Beijing .	"""It 's 1084 kilometers from Wuhan to Guangdong ."
Why did n't the vegetables and the tree get on well with each other ? Because vegetables wanted light .	"'Because the tree drank almost all the water .', ""Because the vegetables were n't the pride of the gardener ."
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Some greens like collards , broccoli spinach produce leaves first harvest .	'To reduce garden work 
What is the main point of the article ? To introduce effects texting grammar .	'To inform us that texting is likely to become a second language for teens .
The author 's purpose in writing this passage is introduce Oktoberfest celebrations world	'to attract more tourists to the Oktoberfest in Munich
How did Renee cope with expenses of owning horses ? The following ways were used except that always bought brand name food horses	'she had a 10-percent discount for paying cash offered by her vet
What can we infer from para.4 ? Unilever 's interactive campaign done well engaging vlewers	"""Unilever 's interactive campaign proves the advantage of TV davertising"
What is the passage mainly about ? Suggestions becoming confident speaker .	'Good ways of studying English well .
The conductor advised the writer to get off before Vienna and take a taxi heard writer 's explanation	'as soon as the train stopped
The secret of animation is to make film many drawings change little	'make drawings that are exactly the same 
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Duret dived water girl 's father .	'Duret thought twice before he jumped into the cold water .
The article is about integrative medicine	'Western medicine
"The last sentence in para 5 "" since you began reading this sentence , over 800,000 of them have been created and destroyed "" implies that number lymphocytes body extremely large"	'because you read this sentence 
We can learn from the text that most of us need others	'build friendships late in life
According to Michael Yost , we can infer that Palmetto bio - printer bright future medical use	'the Palmetto bio - printer can workwithout power
"Among the following products , which one may have the longest history ? The "" Wen Ding "" ."	'The Bronze You .
Why did the two brothers work out the agreement ? Their family could n't afford academy .	'One of the brothers was supposed to go into mines .
Which of the following is not mentioned in the passage ? Telling parents ' plan .	'Taking a first - aid course .
This passage is mainly about how to make friends traveling foreign countries	'travel more often both at home and abroad
"According to Google , the new system "" Latitude "" can tell parents locations children school"	'prove that the partner has told a lie about working late
Which of the following is TRUE of the canals in Amsterdam ? They protected city ancient times .	'They were built to provide transport for the city .
According to the passage , we can conclude that listening proper music improve efficiency office	'different kinds of music lead to the same effect
We can learn from the passage that In Venezuela , people judge men women quite different ways	"'Venezuela girls have won Miss Universe and Miss World over six times by chance', ""Eva Ekvall once competed for the country 's president"
What 's the best title for the passage ? Street food stands Korea	'My favorite food
The letter writer 's job in the hospital was mainly to treat sick children	'treat poisoned children
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Douhua one kind firm tofu .	'People began to make tofu 2
When do you think students can become journalists and report on parts of the story ? During reading .	'Before reading .
What is the chief purpose of writing this passage ? To tell us deal teenagers aged 13 .	'To tell us how to raise pets like cats and dogs .
What can we infer from the passage ? David Marzban made Chinese friend unexpected way China .	'Baden came to China to study the differences between English and Chinese .
The change after turning into a coed college is that women get early make	"""dirty looks in women 's eyes have disappeared"
The writer 's general impression of the Sunday in the past was a day when everyone seemed free others	'everyone was paying a visit to some relatives far away
From the whole passage we know that the writer satisfied job hates called unnecessarily	'is a bad doctor 
Pollution on cultivated land leads to the following outcomes EXCEPT sustainable development agriculture	"""a threat to China 's food safety"
The writer felt sorry because n't express thanks Mr. Broaches died .	"'Mr. Broaches passed away before he won the Nobel Prize', ""he could n't find Mr. Broaches after he grew up"
Edmund Halley figured out the orbit of comet appearing different times	'some different comets appearing several times
It has long been known by scientists that sun 's radiation reaches peak every eleven years	"'UV radiation can affect high - altitude wind patterns', ""there 's a clear connection between the sun 's activity and weather"
Chemicals are added to the foods in the factories because want make foods look better , taste better last longer	'they want to make the foods contain something harmful
How does a social behavior differ from physical behavior ? It learned inherited genetically .	'It is learned in a social group .
The main purpose of the passage is to persuade people order products	'explain the process of making logo pens
If a person is called a couch - potato , he or she likes sitting couch watching TV	'likes eating potatoes
What has been done to reduce indoor air pollution ? The WHO issues official advice cut pollution ,	'People are forbidden to use coal - stoves inside .
what about the future of Apple Inc 's iphone It receive uses .	"""It goes against many students ' interest"
From this passage it seems true that the Atlantic Ocean divided five time zones	'is divided into 24 time zones
Teenagers in England can do all of the following except work night club	'work in an office
Eco City Farms have the following functions EXCEPT that     . demonstrate use green power city life	'they teach people how to have a sustainable community
From the passage , we can infer that distance helps deal - laws	"'following in - laws is a good idea', ""new spouses must n't stay near their house"
What is the best title of the passage ? How Argue Your Boss .	'Never Give in to Your Boss .
This article mainly tells us about general situations Paris	'the buildings in Paris
What 's the purpose of the passage ? strongly recommend e - book	"""to show the author 's attitude to money"
What is the main topic of this passage ? Rosalie Warren 's education	"""Rosalie Warren 's family"
It seems that the writer prefers high school life America one Korea	'is familiar with the education system of high schools in Korea
The researchers found in the first experiment that sad music helped kids find small shapes quickly	'kids who listened to happy music turned out to be energetic
The iphone being tested at Aoyama Gakuin University is mainly to     develop special classroom	'help students to study hard
What might the author most probably continue to talk about in the following passage ? What one avoid building self - confidence .	'Lack of self - confident has many side effects .
Which sentence shows the writer 's opinion ? We must put need want .	"'People from different areas must have different needs .', ""It 's easy to make a choice between the things we want ."
Harry was taken to the police station because blood shirt taxi	'his taxi stopped outside his office and a policeman happened to be there
Compared to the Alibaba 's Hong Bao service , WeChat 's app permits users distribute money friend circle randomly	'can send lucky money to any friend of the users quickly
What can we learn from the two Thanksgiving Day Gentlemen ? They really gentlemen true word .	"""One man 's meat is another man 's poison ."
The passage is mainly about e - waste problem China	'the way in dealing with e - waste
The crowd stopped cheering suddenly because Mark fell lay grass	'Jim was about one meter behind Mark
What is NOT explained in the passage ? Why birds travel winter ?	'Why is the sky blue ?
This passage mainly tells us about short - term long - term memory	"""language students ' problems in study"
From this passage we can learn that one n't break Zyban tablet pieces taking	'a strong - willed smoker must take medication to help stop smoking
To balance a bigger turbine high on a floating spar , a new type of turbine is to be designed with its gearbox sitting sea level	'on the sea floor
What can we NOT learn from the passage ? Americans three days Thanksgiving Day .	'Some Native Americans also joined the First Thanksgiving .
This passage mainly tells us that get flowers 're busy	'there are few flowers around us now
"During the""Be Kind to Animals Week "" , the people in America hold pet shows"	'play with the pets the whole week
Which will be the best title for this passage ? Australia --- livable place world	'Australia --- famous for its cultural diversity
What is the best way that readers can improve their speed reading according to the     writer 's opinion ? To attend classes teach speed reading .	'To practice reading at different speeds .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The author beaten bulimia graduated university .	"""The author 's bulimia did n't grow worse as she grew older ."
What were these workers doing when the coins poured down ? They repairing building	'They were searching for gold
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? How hard - working students affects interest study .	'You need to study just one subject in university .
What would the end of the story be like ? The old man every meal family .	'The couple gave their son a good beating .
"By saying "" The happy childhood is hardly worth your while "" , the writer really means that smooth childhood surely draw readers ' attention"	"""a lot of readers do n't deserve happy childhood"
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Electronic devices made parts seen .	'Older people are probably more interested in science in Japan .
The Dragon Boat Festival also kept South Korea	'comes from South Korea
The author writes this passage in order to enable teens earn community service credits	'encourage readers to take part in TEENSGIVING in SPRING 2013
What is strange about the man who followed the writer ? He seemed wearing much .	'He walked quickly behind .
What 's true about Keep Your Head Up ?      It written two years ago .	'It described the good situation of a house .
According to the poll , which is the right order from the funniest nationality to the least funny one ? Americans , Spanish , Italians , Brazilians , French	'Spanish 
The purpose of the author to write this article is warn readers sales bargains	'to show that there are no real bargains
The best title for the passage is Chicken Eggs Drug	'Chicken Eggs to Replace Medicine
The sick traveler in the passage is supposed to be patient trying cure infection Stonehenge	'a devoted religious person from Stonehenge
According to the passage , which of the following is FALSE ? The opening China - Singapore Suzhou Industrial Park February 1992 .	'Lee passed away at the age of 91 .
The following are all the advantages of being young EXCEPT many responsibilities complete independence	'you have more time to recover from mistakes
Which of the following sentences isRIGHT ? The left - behind children problem social problem .	"""All of the left - behind children are n't good at study ."
Hearing his mother 's story , the boy will love mother	'save his mother in danger
"The writer thinks if mother or father is on the same program as their children , "" family weight control "" successful"	'it will make the children eat much more
Which of the following sentences is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? He insisted competing though hurting knee game	'He made two almost perfect jumps and got the highest score .
What will parents do at meal times in Italy ? Encourage children eat .	"'Let children have their meals separately .', ""Offer children plates from kids ' menu ."
What is the main idea of the play ?     A real friendship means friends stay together trouble .	'Butterflies can not fly if their wings are wet .
We can infer from the passage that The kids finishing current study help Internet	'It will take the family one year to prepare and finish their travel
We can conclude from the article that none animals felt threatened rat trap	"""the farmer 's wife got good treatment in the hospital"
What else did the author learn that day ? People walks life jobs wisdom love .	'Students should not sleep in class but respect their teachers .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Learning Italian chess interesting Franklin .	"'Benjamin Franklin was not good at writing .', ""Very few people appeared in Franklin 's funeral ."
.From the passage we can know that Bill likes birds much	'in an American bird - lover
"From the text we learned that "" Come alive Pepsi "" campaign worked well US"	'Chevy Nova was brought in Latin America
The passage is mainly about keep valuables safe traveling	'how to carry your valuables on your person
Which of the following can be inferred from the text ? The writer thinks little reading habits formed traditional education .	"'The aim of the reading course is only to increase the speed of reading .', ""The desire to read is the key factor to improve one 's reading skill ."
What can be learned from the passage ? Biological differences lead different behavioral responses stress .	"""Male hormones help build up the body 's resistance to stress ."
When the diamond was resold , dealer got 800 , 000 dollars	'Kaplan got 800
Which of the following is True according to the passage ? Others ' feelings ignored online communication .	'No stimulation is provided in natural life connections .
The author of this passage wants to tell US celebrities feel	'how psychologists make a study
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Some unusual pets adopted people .	'Some websites are set up to protect pets .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Cook serving Leader House Commons resigned .	"'Cook held several senior positions in Edinburgh Central .', ""Cook believed the British government should n't distance itself from the American government ."
What will most probably be discussed if the text continues ? Suitable sports activities different people .	'Different kinds of sports and amusing activities .
What are the most dangerous kinds of sharks ? The jaws tiger sharks .	'The whale sharks and the tiger sharks .
Which of the follow statements is TRUE about the Chauvet Cave ? The environment artwork easy damage .	'It was closed off for more than 30
According to the National Weather Service forecast , Washington n't suffered big snow scores years	'the new snowfall will reach 32 inches around Washington
You can probably eat Chinese , Italian , and Arab food Central Park Saturday	'at the front entrance of City Hall
We can learn from Franklin 's statement that people learn time want	'libraries should be free all the time
. Which of the following statements of blue is true ? Blue popular color foods .	'Blueberries are always blue 
What can we learn from the text ? Ballard greatly influenced 20,000 Leagues Under Sea .	"""Ballard 's parents felt disappointed at his undersea adventures ."
Which of the following about the research work is TRUE ? The research helpful study brain health still way .	'The research team studied both environmental and biological factors .
In what way can we make a machine intelligent ? By either programming changing structure	'By making it work in such environments as deserts 
It can be inferred from the text that the author optimistic artificial intelligence always used positively	'thinks people overvalue the capabilities of technology
According to the WHO , how much salt should a Chinese person consume ? Less 5 grams per day .	'About 12 to 14 grams per day .
What is the writer 's purpose in writing this passage ? To offer books young children .	'To provide some activities to Earth Day .
What is the main purpose of this passage ? To argue idea college best place young people .	"'To put forward an idea that college should not be the first choice .', ""To value young people 's further education in colleges ."
"What did Espiritu mean by saying "" The YouTube views are translating into album sales "" ? The You Tube views make album sales increase ."	'The band has changed the video on the YouTube into an album .
What would happen if Celina told Joseph the truth ? Celina might trouble friends .	"'Joseph would go on the camping trip himself .', ""Joseph 's family would be angry with Celina ."
Which of the following statements might Robert Eres disagree with ? People rational found gray matter brains .	"""People use empathy when they are or are n't aware of it ."
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Different Chinese net users different opinions mission .	'Why some people disagree to save the 500 dogs .
Which of the following would be the best title of the passage ? Do like keep diary ?	"""What 's the advantage of keeping a diary ?"
The passage is mainly about new learning way	'a new book
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? Rising early get ready day positive energy .	'Planning your schedule for the next day the night before .
We can learn from the text that Young wrote poem wife collection	'was born with heart disease
What is the writer 's purpose by writing this passage ? To introduce new model education .	"'To explain what "" colleges without walls "" are ."
The British are now having fewer children than before for all the following reasons EXCEPT that live much shorter lives	'they have fewer years to have children
Why did Katie eat school lunch instead of her homemade lunch every day ? She gave homemade lunch hungry boy .	"'She lost her homemade lunch .', 'She had her homemade lunch stolen .', ""She did n't like the taste of her homemade lunch ."
What may be the best title for this passage ? The World 's Friendliest Restaurant	"""Tim 's Achievements"
What is the feature of the China 's currently fastest train ? It produce electricity energy transformation .	'It is the most advanced train in the world .
A sword was brought to the king to tell really cared baby	'cut the baby into halves
Which of the following bike - share programs costs the riders most ? Citi Bike	'Nice Ride Minnesota
The passage suggests but does n't tell directly    that yoga centers teaching yoga right way	"'only Satyananda Yoga Center teaches yoga', ""there 's no better place to learn yoga than Satyananda Yoga Center"
This passage is mainly about    colour blindness	'colour and its surprising effects
Why was Sandra angry with her father ? He show lifeguard hearty thankfulness .	'He did not give the lifeguard any money .
The following sentences are the results of the gas price rising EXCEPT The auto industry forced develop new models expensive .	'More people prefer to travel on public transportation which costs less than driving cars .
The writer of this passage thinks that social problems ca n't solved education	"""education can settle all of the world 's problems"
All the following statements are good to teeth except that children begin brush teeth old enough	'children live on breast milk every day
What can we learn about olive oil ? It good health .	'People started to cook with it recently .
"By saying , "" I really did n't see this coming "" , Lu Jiande probably means that He ca n't expect Mo could win Nobel Prize Literature ."	"""He ca n't believe Mo has an ability to win the Nobel Prize in Literature ."
By saying this Christmas will cause embarrassment , the author actually refers to lady tucked back dress pants	'the workmate who receives a ticket to the opera
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Tell us make friends	'Tell us only to make friends with people you like .
We can learn from the text that Caroline Kaplan disagrees Mary Pottanat .	"'Only one kid thinks video games are similar to art .', ""Prannab Kirshnan does n't like playing video games ."
According to the studies , which of the following is True ? Head Start programs helpful poor children .	'Children with good early education may have a rich life .
This passage tells us people need friends	'that people are all friends
People begin to have great celebrations for the New Year on New Year 's Eve	"""New Year 's Day"
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? The dog would driven away big guy .	"'The butcher was curious so he followed the dog .', ""The dog did n't get on the first bus because it was the wrong number ."
All the native Indian houses described in the passage were   covered grass	'of the same shape
Which   is TRUE ? Mr Huang Miss Huang like students .	"""Mr Huang is n't a teacher in No.16 Middle School ."
Which of the following is true according to the poster ? Participants one option Feb. 5th another night .	'Evening workshops will be held at small restaurants with meals included .
According to Yu Lizhong , Whether students study English hard may depend major .	"""Students need n't lay a good foundation during the period of high school ."
We know from the passage that piezoelectric materials produce electricity stressed	'are good at changing electricity into sound
What does the phrase repress anger mean ? Keep one 's anger inside .	"""Forget one 's anger ."
The corpus callosum functions in processing complex intellectuality .	'differing man from woman .
What news might get people talking about the problem of the Country Bears ? The Country Bear Playhouse closed .	"'There will be a new attraction for our guests at Disneyland .', 'The number of visitors to the Country Bear Playhouse is falling .', ""The Bears will retire because of old age and ca n't give shows any more ."
What could be the best title for the passage Charm Detour	'The Road to Bravery
According to the passage , which of the statement is true ? We ignore information tsunami 's coming even though also get .	"""We ca n't feel the infrasound so we ca n't be informed of the danger ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Three students died day .	"""Hao Longbiao 's body was found on December 14"
Which of the following is true according to the author of the passage ? Those want achieve success ca n't expect live easy life .	'Climbing hills on bicycles is the best way to take exercise .
The passage mainly tells us in our reading what we would do without using dictionary	'when we look up words in a dictionary
This passage is about use English - Chinese dictionary	'how to use the right words in your English writing
Which of the following statements is true ? Someone else taking care injured person .	'The Pontiac reached its destination at the accident scene .
""" Anything Can Be""project offers assistance misfortune"	'provides support and hope to kids loving basketball
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The ancient city -- Pingyao .	"""China 's ancient financial center -- Pingyao ."
What 's the best title of the passage ? Big Ben	'The clock tower
This passage mainly tells us . dictionary students choose use	"""that students should n't use small two - language dictionaries"
Mrs. Smith got Linda enjoy reading	'to write books
What kind of boy was Tom ? Tom lazy boy .	'Tom was a clever boy .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Sally Ride , first American woman space , dies .	'Women 
Bowen hopes that being a torch runner would help draw attention orphans inChina	'collect educational tools 
"By saying "" your real education is just beginning "" , the author wants to    show importance social experience , besides schooling , education"	"""explain why it 's difficult for college graduates to find jobs"
Which of the following statements about Henkel 's study is TRUE ? Pictures focus details objects likely improve people 's memories .	'Reviewing pictures always helps people bring back memories .
Frank sold the odds and ends quickly because sign put table well designed .	'he knew how to get people to buy his goods .
What is the most important for a news release according to the passage ? Make news release newsworthy accuracy .	'Choose a proper spokesperson for the event .
What way that the writer does n't talk about can improve the present situation ? Dinner party .	'Classes for parents .
Suppose that passage does n't finish , which of the following may be discussed next ? The driving forces regional Mexican music	'The variety of Latin music in America .
With Roma Pass you can enjoy discounts certain exhibitions	'reserved access to 2 sites
Which of the following statements is not right according to the passage ? The friend mirror us learn others .	"'It is good to share your fun with other .', ""You 'd better be a good listener if you want to be a good friend ."
If a person carries two copies of the gene variant , he / she may     shorter lifespan	'have a higher level of the protein in his / her body
What can be inferred from the text ? Ellis could seen pioneer time .	'Michael must have the largest ball in the world .
What can we infer from the passage ? The lettuce hard plant store .	'Lettuce is the easiest crop to grow in your garden .
Which of the following is true of the Hatches ? They gave away possessions ( ;) neighbors	'They left the family farm to live in an old house
What can we know about the research Cary Stothart and his team carried out ? The result research removed recent doubt scientists .	'They employed 171 people to take part in the actual exercise .
"Farmer Joe say "" I 'm fine . "" scene accident"	"'could n\'t have said "" I \'m fine . "" at the scene of the accident"
According to the passage , young adults differ from older adults in that rarely realize memory problems	'they lose their memory at a slower rate
Which of the following title can best summarize the whole passage ? On Advertising	'Advertising Expense
What is the text mainly about ? The reasons popularity private tutors children .	'How to provide the best education for children .
Which of the following statements would Dr He agree to ? A low - salt diet may prevent high blood pressure obesity .	'The less salt people eat 
This text mainly talks about    problem 17-year - olds dropping school England	'why so many 17-year - olds have dropped out of education
Why did n't Jack play football with John and Steven ? Because n't invited Steven .	'Because he hated Steven .
It can be inferred from the passage that Bonk n't believe two guys ' explanation	"""Bonk was n't strict with the two guys"
What did Steve Fossett specially prepare for the trip around the world ? He autopilot impvoved .	"""He made the balloon 's capsule bigger ."
If Lisa tells you about her idea , but you think her idea is foolish , you should think idea carefully	'explain to her why her idea is silly
Many consider the later part of life to be the time of living because they know outside world	'consider their lives have been very successful
What can we learn from the passage ? A new Guinness category driving dogs probably created .	"'Abandoned dogs are much cleverer than house - kept ones .', ""All the dogs at New Zealand 's SPCA will soon be adopted ."
From the passage we know that physically active kids get less trouble	'kids who spend hours watching TV benefit a lot
Why did the audience laugh loud at the pedestrians ? Their emotion approved show .	'The pedestrians behaved in a funny way .
Which of the following ways is the best to obtain vitamins needed ? Eating foods contain vitamins .	'Taking fat - soluble and water - soluble vitamins .
According to the passage , John Simpson probably agrees that Internet brought great changes English .	'mistakes in e - mail are very important to English .
The surveys inform us of parents ' - protection college children	"""the changes of adult children 's behavior"
Which of the following about Tenascin C is true ? It sometimes prevent mother - - child transmission HIV .	'It has become an effective tool in fighting HIV .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? H7N9 transmission may spreading people .	'The findings about H7N9 transmission only between father and daughter .
What problem is caused by human beings ? They cause global warming .	'They exist everywhere on the earth .
Which is the best title for the passage ? Visiting India Volunteer Teachers .	'Beautiful Beaches of India .
Which of the following children should n't have a pet ? Children allergies .	'Children who have asthma .
Now little has been done to test student 's ability	"""decide a student 's job"
Which of the following can serve as the best title for the passage ? The Strange Creature -- Sea Cucumbers .	'The Variety of Sea Cucumbers .
Why did the four Japanese gentlemen leave Geri suddenly ? Because could n't bear Geri 's behavior longer .	'Because Geri had something more important to do .
The general idea of this passage should probably be animals ' good values always used show country 's national spirit character	'animals are friends of human beings
Poor is the name of a man and the writer knows well	'often lends him some money
What can we infer from the text ? Breath testing reliable may bright future .	'Blood or urine testing will be less used in medical treatment .
What problem does the story mainly talk about ? Keeping good roommate relations easy students .	"""Students ca n't make friends easily in a new school ."
The author implied in the passage that most of us habits influenced surroundings	'eat a balanced diet
What can we infer   from the story ? The woman paid money unwillingly left shop angrily .	'Mr . Jones agreed to let the shoppers get things for free that day .
What may be the best title for the passage ? Hybrid Car --- A Better Choice Future	'Hybrid Car --- Best Seller in the Car Market
The aim    of the book is to teach students get online good way	'tell a lot of stories about the harm    of the Internet
The purpose of policemen sending cards in Liverpool was ask criminals come police station	'to send their blessing to the criminals
The writer thinks that Venice regarded big museum	'Venice is no longer a big museum
The passage did n't say directly but we can learn that Moira good organizer	'Moira was a good neighbor
What does the author mainly want to say ? People communicate many different ways .	'Everybody uses only one form of communication .
When teenagers do n't do well in exams , they should work harder studies	'learn to make choices
Which of the following statements is Not true ? The sleep , cleverer .	'Enough sleep makes you think carefully .
"By saying "" my car does n't do anything that my brother 's Studebaker did n't do "" , the author means that much changed performance cars far"	"""my car is far better than my brother 's"
People all over the world enjoy sports because 	'sports are interesting
"Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The music "" face music "" kind terrible music ."	"'Here are two explanations about the expression "" to face the music "" ."
Why could n't the writer see things clearly through the window ? Because window dirty .	"""Because the woman 's window was dirty ."
According to the passage , which of the following is right ? All classes n't allow students get credits high school countries	'The grades in middle school are not important
In many countries , what 's mainly responsible for increasing deaths from chronic diseases ? The economic development .	'Infectious and parasitic diseases .
From the diary , we can see the girl thought understanding better simple love .	'thanked her mother for asking her
The text is mainly written to tell us online advertising surpass radio next year	"""radio is the world 's fourth - largest advertising medium"
Which of the following is true ? Everyone complains Sui Dynasty ended canal .	'Emperor Yang of the Sui Dynasty is considered one of the best tyrants .
According to the text , Kendall Ciesemier . made effort help African AIDS orphans	'was affected by AIDS and a liver disease
Which of the following statements   is NOT true ? Dogs help people make everything	'Dogs can help people in many ways .
Why is Eldridge Cleaver 's autobiography mentioned in the passage ? To clarify writing means people .	'To show what good writing is .
The right time order of the three inventions , according to the passage , should be fireworks , Coca - Cola microwave	'fireworks 
We should n't lose ourselves in the world of the Internet communication family friends important	'because the world of the Internet is a real world
The magpie is mentioned to show that things seemed go wrong beginning	"'Millie got much power on seeing the bird', ""the bird caused father 's getting hurt that day"
The experiments proved that mothers premature babies instinct hold babies left	'mothers have an instinct to hold their babies on the left immediately after birth
Which of the following is not true EXCEPT air pollution many Chinese cities serious .	'people in London were allowed to born coal sixty years ago .
What made the author 's mum proud of his dad ? His dad 's determination rebuild life .	"""His dad 's willingness to help cook ."
What does the article mainly talk about ? Why husbands n't left trim trees alone .	"""Why the author 's husband insisted on trimming their crab apple tree ."
In the core of Downtown Ottawa , we could see head offices ofOttawa 's high tech industry	'a large number of tall towers
The significance of the exhibition lies in the fact that exhibition inspiring blind world .	'the California Museum of Photography receives praises for holding the show .
Why do we choose certain flowers as gifts ? Because express specific meanings .	'Because they are the best gifts for you .
"When the writer says "" every person has the right to fail "" , he means to say ""   one grow without failures"	'the world is full of failures
Which of the following is TRUE ? If Mr. Brown wants work Nick 's school , write e - mail Nick .	'Joan can play the violin very well .
Which of the following about Wonder La Theme Park is NOT true ? The Rain Disco lets children enjoy cool showers dancing .	'It is free for children of 3 and under .
Which of the following statements is not true based on the passage ? Victor become image spokesman company	'Victor made contact with e - games when he was aged two .
Albert Einstein warned Roosevelt of possibility atomic power Nazi Germany	"""Nazi Germany ' success in making an atomic bomb"
Daniel Nocera describes his artificial leaf as promising in providing electricity poor family low cost	'making an artificial plant that can feed itself .
What can we learn from Para . 6 ? Jenny never realized father 's weak .	"'Jenny seldom saw her father drive that huge car .', ""Jenny 's father slapped her on the face somewhere ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the article ? Advertising unpaid positions registered non - profit organizations permitted .	'Registering a new account every time you log in
"By saying "" But his intelligence comes at a cost . "" , the author means that    Mark 's intelligence brings negative effects time"	"'Mark must pay for his intelligence at a high price', ""Mark 's intelligence results from his parents"
All of the following are true of home schools EXCEPT help students find jobs	'students are free to choose their courses
What is implied by the author is that female male smokers among high school seniors	'smoking rates among youth have declined very little
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Lucas recovered disease accompanied Juno .	'The author has also adopted a dog and loves it .
Which is the best title for the embryo ? First Cloned Human	'The Success of Cloning Humans
It can be inferred from the text that eBay 's new tool gain mass adoption online shoppers	"""through eBay 's new tool "
In analyzing a problem we should do all the following find solution trial mistake	'recognize and define the problem
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? The training program may good economy .	'Myra Stafford is not satisfied with the classes .
Which of the following about Mars is NOT true ? It 's closer sun Earth .	'Its atmosphere is not good for humans .
We know from the passage that government become share holder small banks	"'Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are insurance companies', ""money spent on the government 's rescue plan will be decreased"
It can be concluded from the text that experience baggage boy great influence later life	'working in the sports team was his most important experience
In the speech , Emma calls on people to participate campaign actively take actions	'admit that men and women should be equally paid
Who looked after the sick person on weekdays ? Mrs. Baker	"""Mr. Baker 's sister"
The passage tells us kite flying introduced Europe	'how to make a kite
Why did Thomas quit the Internet service at home ? He feared safety son computer .	'His son was threatened by some online strangers .
The author wrote this article mainly to tell the young take risks , earlier , better	"""it 's better for the young to take any risk than the older"
What 's the main reason that Tom did n't reach the top of the mountain ? He tired late .	'The mountain was so high .
What is on the table ? apples , oranges , bread birthday cake candles	'An apple 
The author mentions the wine store to tell us experience father	'the same taste as his father
Dickens became a famous novelist success Pickwick Papers	'because his social work
Which of the following statements is CORRECT according to the passage ? After two days ' rest , soldiers pink .	'They had a fierce quarrel so they all felt black about it .
In the author 's opinion , n't depend first impressions completely judge others	'people tend to have better impressions on friends than on strangers
What is the author 's attitude toward work ? Do n't let affect real life .	'To earn enough money to make life better .
What is the main attraction of golf for business people according to the passage ? It good place discuss business matters .	'It is a great way to escape from the noise and pollution of the city .
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Students Grade Nine often homework 12:00 night .	'A pupil usually has no homework in Shenzhen .
Based on the text , we know that the study gave children ten photos occupations choose	'involved thirty - seven girls and boys in all
Memorizing the lyrics of songs is mentioned in the text to emphasize importance repetition memorizing poems	'describe the similar characteristics of poems and popular songs
The negative remarks an American boss gives on your work probably mean he / she wants improve work	"""does n't like you any longer"
What 's this passage mainly about ? The process training guide dog .	'The time spent training a guide dog .
We can learn from the passage that two experiments memory transplants	"""the scientists exchanged the dolphin 's and the bear 's brains"
Which one of the following can be used in the blank ? Despite name , rare earth metals fact rare .	'It is in China that rare earths are fully understood .
When the writer was a freshman , he still sociable	"""knew he could n't be a good football player"
In order to get a discount on rent ,    clean - parking lot three nights week	'his father had to work as a hairstylist
According to the passage , what will happen in Japan in the following 100 years ? The population Japan may 42 million .	'The life expectancy will be 90.93 years for women .
From the passage we can infer that satisfying children 's material needs good way parenting	"""wealthy parents do n't like teaching basic social skills to children"
If you play Chinese chess well , you can join Group 2	'Group 1
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? In Ireland , bumping birthday child means good luck / .	'In New Zealand 
The writer did n't realize that he loves his mother very much until mother left home operation	'his mother told them all she wanted was for them to be happy
Which of the following statements about the blues is NOTtrue ? Thanks rock , blues became mainstream music .	'Lots of popular music is influenced by the blues .
Which of the following is RIGHT ? Of three Chinese girl lightest .	'The machine tested only two people .
In medieval times , swans delicious dish royal banquets	'swans were better protected than now
Dr. P placed his foot against Fran 's before he left the shelter . find Frank could put shoes	"'to be friendly towards Frank', ""to see if Frank 's feet were normal"
Which of the following statements might Dr. Needham agree with ? The invention kites China great .	'The Chinese people first tried to invent airplanes .
Which can be Chokwe 's future target ? Making app include streets nationwide .	'Encouraging more kids to create apps .
The writer must feel worst when learned daughters using toothbrush .	"""she could n't find her two daughters in the morning ."
The purpose of writing the ad is to welcome people week jazz performances	'introduce the Chicago Jazz Festival
Why do we want to live on Mars ? The earth becoming dirty crowded .	'Life on Mars is more interesting than that on the earth .
This passage mainly talks about the importance of personalities	'different jobs
"Which of the following would be a good example of using the phrase "" once in a blue moon "" ? Tom rarely remembers exercise . Tom exercise blue moon ."	'Simon often tells jokes . Simon tells jokes once in a blue moon .
The passage mainly talks about whether invigilators needed exams	'how to pass an exam
We can learn from the passage that one operating system used cell phones	'it is impossible to catch viruses on our cell phones
What is right about cooling the skin if the skin gets sun - burnt ? A mixture tomato yogurt needed .	'Tomato is likely to make sure of your soft skin .
All the following indicate the importance of a speech goal EXCEPT that speech goal makes possible speaker achieve whatever wants life	'a speech will lose its direction without a goal
What is the main advice that the author gives parents ? Encouraging children join sports instead pushing	'Making children take advantage of organized competitive sports .
What is the best title for the passage ? Mary Had Little Lamb	'The Life of Mary Sawyer
From the passage , it can be inferred that clothing plays important role social activities	'words of dress are unable to communicate different messages
What is the passage mainly about ? A new research effort predicting storms .	"""Biologists ' interest in the secrets of sharks ."
It is implied at the end of this passage that workers ones benefit compensation system .	'. compensation   benefits in America are rising rapidly to new heights .
"Why does the author say "" I wo n't say college was easy "" ? Because author 's life difficult even though given scholarship ."	'Because it was not easy for her to get high marks in that college .
Although he argues against zoos , the author would still agree that endangered animals reproduced zoos	'zoos have to keep animals in small cages
Which of the following is TRUE of the CK 12 Foundation ? It offers digital math science materials high schools	'It publishes all the books for students free of charge
Why did Mrs Blake go back to the market after her shopping ? Because forgot buy one thing .	'Because she wanted to see who would be the lucky customer .
The person who finally proved Fermat 's Last Theorem is Andrew Wiles	'Pierre de Fermat
From Brent Richards , we know that higher levels vitamin D people , slowly people may age	'sunlight causes skin cancer to people with high level of vitamin D
According to the passage , which statement is TRUE ? Scientists identify amusics studying amusic people .	'Amusics can feel comfortable when they are in the shopping center .
The NBA was very surprised at the superstar when joined Chicago Bulls	'he joined the basketball team in his high school
Who will not benefit from Evan Lutz 's business ? Fruit farmers	'Hungry Harvest
What is the main idea of the passage ? Expanding wind energy land Sleeping Beauty causes controversy .	'Wind parks are increasing rapidly all over Germany .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Schools serve different foods country country .	'Schools should try to satisfy the needs of students .
The main idea of this passage is that smoking harm health	'smoking only does harm to grown - ups ..
The writer of this passage does n't seem to be satisfied with parents ' idea educating children	"""children 's skills"
This passage is mainly about development English dictionaries	'the difference of English dictionaries
Which is NOT true about the homework club ? All US middle school students like homework club .	"'The homework club is popular in the US middle school .', ""It 's good for students to study in the homework club ."
Bosom wants to send Martin to prison because Martin 's playing piano damaged health	'Bosom suffered from heart attack
After the boy 's brother fell off his wheelchair , boy tried stop several cars	"'the boy threw bricks at several cars', ""the boy 's brother was hurt seriously"
When the writer says that compulsive shoppers get a kick from their habit , he means that they feeling excitement shopping	'feel distressed after their wild shopping
It can be inferred from the passage that Wooster used quiet peaceful city surrounded farmland	'it is unavoidable to destroy farmland when a city grows
In the sea coral islands	'there are no coral islands
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? All male members British royalty n't wear wedding rings .	'Wearing rings among husbands and wives is tradition at all times .
Peth is west Australia	'the capital of Australia
What can we conclude from the article ? A wheelchair user may feel offended address directly .	'Assistants in big stores are usually kind to people in wheelchairs .
According to the passage , shops use the following tricks to make more profits EXCEPT    giving direct discounts	'showing price differences
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The Egyptian signs later became particular alphabet .	'The Egyptians liked to write comic strip stories .
What is the best title    for this passage ? The history Hello Kitty	'What made Hello Kitty popular
Which of the following can be the best tide of the passage ? The Success Cultural Adaptation Is Not Permanent .	'The Global Population Is Increasing Since Ice Age .
The fact that proves Marie was the best student in her class is that grades highest class	'she smoothed away many difficulties and entered Paris University
What can we know about African elephants from the passage ? It hard domesticate .	'They are living a better life than Asian elephants .
In America , public opinion about drunken driving has changed because problem attracted public attention	'new laws are introduced in some states
What kinds of people are in high demand on the job market ? People formal schooling plus work experience	"""Students with a bachelor 's degree in humanities ."
Why was the author annoyed with her mother ? She felt uncomfortable mother 's non - smooth hands .	'Her mother disturbed her rest by tucking her in .
What can we learn from the article ? Being poor , still help	"""It 's not good to receive other 's money"
The story came to its turning point when Joe fell ill 2007	'Joe died in 2009
What does Scuba Adventures do to make sure the divers are safe ? They crew members water .	'They keep the sharks caged .
Which of the following is true about Liu Anqing ? She n't get well parents junior high school .	'She quarreled with her parents every day when she was a little girl .
What does the passage lead us to believe?http://www.ks5u.com / gaokao / beijing/ The machine energy saving .	'The cost of water will go up .
Which is the best title for this passage ? How Your Body Works	'What Your Body Needs
From the passage we can know that children in America    leave parents grow	"""often spend holidays at their parents ' house"
"The "" Tennessee Waltz "" is mentioned in the passage in order to show that Patti Page beloved singer"	"'Patti Page had talents for singing', ""Patti Page 's songs are pleasant to hear"
Mother Teresa is now a famous person because she has taken care many poor people world	'saved many poor people in India
Which of the following will occupy Union room 423 ? Women 's Union	'Canadian University Students Overseas
What is the author 's suggestion to the American public in face of the public government deficit ? They give idea smaller government less regulation .	'They urge the government to revise its existing public policies .
What 's the main idea of the text ? ' Fish adaptable personalities .	'Fish have stress in the fierce fights .
By comparing tomatoes raised in Britain and in Ghana , the author tries to explain that cutting food miles may necessarily save fuel	'British tomatoes are healthier than Ghanaian ones
From the passage we can infer that people tend make clearer simpler choices messy desk	"'managers often promote "" clean desk "" policies"
According to the passage , these statements are correct EXCEPT People borrow whole money new house bank .	'People care for mortgages 
The writer worried about the lady because traffic accident might happen	'she was driving a second - hand car
On her way to the bank , the widow thought would get five dollars	'stopped to read the note
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? American policemen 's real life different prefix = st1 /Britainpolicemen 's .	"'There are similarities between drama detective and the real detective .', ""Most people do n't want to be the witnesses of the case ."
Which statement is right according to the passage ? Refrigerators useful home .	"'People like shopping on the Internet best .', ""People do n't like shopping for food now ."
What would be the best title for the passage ? Learn love	'Love others or yourself ?
The Mangrove Rivulus is a type of fish that stay alive months water	'lives on land in Africa
The best title of this article probably is The Birth Island	'A New Island
On Free Fishing Day , people going fishing could use two fishing rods	'one fishing rod
It can be inferred that Confucianism popular Confucius died	'Confucius was born in a very rich family
World Book Day was set up in order to encourage people to reading	'learn foreign languages
We can conclude from the passage that crazy ideas sometimes contribute great inventions	'asking others for their silly questions leads to inventions
"As the evening went on , the writer became aware that "" supper "" meant simple , informal meal"	'no one used their dining - rooms in the countryside
How do you think the writer feels about these long - lived people ? He much impressed .	'He hopes that they will live a still longer life .
Jim went on standing by the cage because drunk much bar	"""he was n't afraid of the tigers"
What is this passage mainly about ? The structure round spider webs .	'The function of round spider webs .
What do you know about travelling in Singapore from the passage ? It 's convenient   visitors travel Singapore .	"""It 's much cheaper to go around by bus than by train ."
According to the author , Associated Content contributes making one become writer .	'people can read a lot of novels on Associated Content
Farmers speak for themselves because cost living gone lot ,	'the cost of their products have risen sharply too
What led the writer to start writing fairy tales for her daughter ? The frightening ends past fairy tales .	"""His daughter 's strong interest in fairy tales ."
It is implied in the text that birds become addicted anting	'only adult birds use anting
We learn from the story that at the beginning Andrew 's father still hopes Andrew improve	'holds the view that Andrew is hopeless
According to the text , which is the most likely ending ? The author changed attitude towards Carlos .	"""The author did n't want to make friends with Carlos"
The guitar reminds the author that really going rock star	'he is going to be a scientist .
Which of the following relationship is correct according to the passage ? caffeine nectar -- improved memory -- better pollination	'improved memory -- caffeine nectar -- better pollination
Before the study , which of the following was unclear ? What made babies remember objects ' existence .	'Whether babies know objects are gone .
Scientists studied what happened in our brains as habits form in order to find answers solve problem	'find ways to form good habits
It can be learned from the text that writer n't know whether master father	'the slaves forgot the exact time when they were born
Who saved the mule at last ? The mule	"'The farmer', ""The farmer 's neighbors"
"According to the passage , perhaps Einstein once said to himself , ""   I support working patent clerk , I wo n't give physics"	"'Well ', "" I just do n't have the work relative to physics . I should give up on it and settle for \n something else"
By writing this article , the writer intends to tell us answers question US crime figures falling	'the amazing fact that US crime figures are going down
"By saying "" a win - win situation all around "" , Ms. Gartin means that may spend less lose weight"	'she is happier and her garden bigger
The author 's father decided to go back because storm would arrive time	"""the motor did n't work well"
What is the main idea of this passage ? Sad music may actually cause positive emotions .	'People should listen to sad music .
What can we learn from the passage ? Combining art science really vital making Apple 's products noticeable	'Steve Jobs is the first one who founded the Silicon Valley
What is the purpose of the passage ? To explain make new friends easily .	'To show how to be used to new school life .
"Why was the American boy surprised at the Chinese student 's answer ? Because expecting Chinese student say "" Thank "" ."	'Because he could hardly hear what the student had said .
What do we know about the author 's last summer vacation ? He hated acting working vacation .	'His iPad ruined his plan of finishing a great novel .
Which of the following is probably the title of the report ? The Troubles American Immigrants	'The Differences Between Parents and Children in the US
Where did Bill Gates begin his career in personal computer software ? At privateLakesideSchool .	'At public elementary school .
Which of the following happens when we have an eclipse of the moon ? The Earth goes moon sun .	'The moon goes into the shadow of the sun .
What is the best title for the passage ? Reading improves intelligence	'Increase your ability for reading
According to the text , which of the following about Mars is NOT true ? Food much tasty .	'Transport will be much better and faster .
What is the best title of this passage ? The Friendship Bench	"""Acacia 's New Invention"
Why do drugs companies need patents ? To get money produce new drugs .	'To sell drugs in rich countries .
In the more popular story , President Taft stood stretch legs relax	'Billy Evans attended the first game of the 1910 baseball season
According to Stephen Moir , students learn manage finances well	'are too young to be exposed to financial issues
The author does n't say anything to Allie when they are standing together because afraid Allie leave	"'she has nothing to speak Allie', ""she does n't prepare how to speak to her"
It Mary would like to know the content of Jane Eyre , where will she watch the program ? In Penghao Theater,35 Dongmianhua Hutong , Dongcheng District .	'In UCCA 
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The inn serve guests according tastes .	"""It 's a little hard for people to book a room in the inn ."
Which is not the way mentioned in the passage to appreciate wine in Paris ? Dating French Sommelier	'French Wine Regions Presentation
What can we learn about Dr. Carlton Armstrong ? He kind gentleman ready help others .	'He cared for only a little money .
What does Shen Mingde think of microbiogging ? It become window parents understand kids .	'Some misleading messages may even cause danger to kids .
Why are environmentally -friendly clothes more fashionable now ? Because fashion - designers working make beautiful	'people pay more attention to our environment
Suppose you want to buy some gifts for your friends , you can go to 5300 NO.3 Road	'3031 NO.3 Road
Their passage mainly tells us that we should learn grateful others	'find ways to thank others
What can we learn about the research ? It carried GPS company .	'14 % of people taking part in it were not affected by traffic jams .
Which of the following is true ? The third son said tree beautiful .	'The old man just played a joke on his sons .
"By saying "" we are knocking at the door immortality "" , Michael Zey means got ideas long living"	'they believe that there is no limit of living
What can players do in the website game ? Choose hair styles character .	'Eat in a fast - food restaurant .
What are Rachel Besser 's words mainly about ? Some dog owners would like children left unsupervised dog .	"""It 's necessary to teach children how to raise dogs ."
Scientists believe that everybody sense direction birth	'some babies are born with a sense of direction
Which of the following is TRUE about the passage ? It 's story father clever son .	"""It 's a report about a father 's extra work ."
In the opinion of Michael Beauchamp ,     ads beer , cigarettes , politics improper kids	'all kinds of ads should be allowed to be o ~ school buses
All of the solutions are mentioned except    The elderly try obtain employment retirement .	'Children regularly pay a visit to their parents .
In the writer 's opinion , sense fear bad thing	'babies have a weak sense of fear
We can learn from this article that American physicians created lap belts vehicles seen many injuries caused car accidents	'to reduce your risk of death or serious injury by 70 % 
What happens at the end of the baseball season ? Two top teams play wonderful baseball game .	'People talk only about football games .
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? The treasures include gold , diamonds old coins .	'The treasure trove has been lying unknown for hundreds of years before it is discovered .
What is the passage mainly about ? The invention kinds pens .	'Who invented the pencil
What can we learn from the last paragragh ? Many people still senging messages mobile phones	"""p amela Clark - Dickson does n't support the SMS messaging"
What is the best title of this passage ? The Carrot Stick ?	'The Introduction to the Carrot and the Stick
The best title of the passage is London Olympic Games	'The History of Olympic Games
The passage mainly talks about make speech better	"""a boy 's speech in class"
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Game players play computers .	'Some 3D games have many levels .
After the expansion of the Panama Canal , cost transporting goods relatively low	'there will be no limitation to the size of ships through it
Why do the cleaner shrimps clean the fish ? To get fish trash food .	'To help fish go out of coral reefs .
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? Gold trees lead hidden deposits .	'A new ways to locate metal deposits is found .
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? An Unexpected Finding Elephants	"""Naturalists ' Beliefs about Elephants"
What is the purpose of this article ? To let us live wisely waste food .	"""To show the author 's opinion of food ."
According to the passage , in order to live a long life , we should social make friends	'sit still frequently and have a good rest
People sometimes have different ideas about weather going like	'what we should do about the weather
Which of the following sentences is true ? The family lived suburbs , fond cat .	'The family living in the middle of the city liked a cat very much .
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in this passage ? The reason ocean n't get saltier every year .	'The reason why people feel cool when they are near a lake or an ocean in hot weather .
What of the following sentences is Not true ? About half American students chat friends class .	'Most Japanese students do physical exercises after school .
What is the best title of the passage ? Tu Youyou 2015 Nobel Prize discovery artemisinin	'Why Tu Youyou could be awarded the 2015 Nobel prize
From the passage we know that light smoke seen easily ground dark .	"'swinging your arm from side to side means "" yes """
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? All people film making actors actresses .	'Writing the story for the film is a part of making a film .
While travelling , in the event of emergency , you 'd better escape separately	'sit separately
When you go by bus in England , you must be careful because may go wrong way	'there are big buses with two floors
What is the purpose of the experiment in which newborn babies heard the stories ? To prove babies learn born .	'To prove that babies can learn on the first day they are born .
Which of the following statement is true ? Parts brain went blind age 11 became active locating sound .	"'The researchers are quite sure about the workings of brains of "" late - onset "" blind people ."
What happened after the man being told he needed two more cents ? A woman offered stamp man .	'The man went back to his office immediately .
If you want to watch hippos carefully , you 'd better boat	'take a bus
When learning Chinese , a foreigner will find hard master tones required speak understand	'he has a difficult time learning music at the same time
What does Ashan Sabri think of the group revision course ? It n't effective n't focus specific exams .	"""It 's expensive but worthwhile because it works the best ."
The monkeys left the basket because farmer angry wit h	'they had thrown apples on the ground
The passage mainly talks about     write great news story	'where to find interesting news .
Egg shells can be used to protect young animals	'make eggs more beautiful
What can we learn from the passage ? The mother grateful find boy .	'The boy felt very cold when he was found .
Mars One is a program that focuses on setting first human settlement Mars	'finding the source of water on Mars
What caused the American scientists to work on special trees ? Great numbers trees lost due attacks viruses .	'Tree genomes are mapped out so scientists know how to improve trees .
Why does n't Susan sometimes like her school life ? She take lot tests .	"""One of her teachers does n't like her ."
Most of the people in the Netherlands speak Dutch	'live in the east of the country
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Tickets high - speed trains cheaper planes .	'Traveling by train is usually difficult in China because tickets are too expensive .
The writer writes the text to show film focusing video games	"""criticize some parents ' attitude towards playing video games"
Which of the following is true according to the text ? Ieoh Ming Pei studied architecture Massachusetts Institute Technology young .	'Ieoh Ming Pei was born in America .
"The famous answer to the question "" Do I exist ? "" is I think , therefore , I ."	"'No ', "" you do n't exist ."
When the grandfather died , author loss time	'all felt relieved that he would never suffer any more
"All the following statements are correct except ""   When dealing parents , need listen"	"'Communication is a two - way matter', ""If you do n't agree with others "
Why did Mike hate Christmas according to the passage ? He n't like people spending much money presents	"""He did n't like the true meaning of Christmas"
What do we know about the creators of Superman ? They n't make much money creating Superman .	"""They did n't want to sell the rights to a comic book publisher ."
The reason why more young people drop out of college is that longer motivated studies .	'they compete for admission to graduate schools .
It can be learnt from the text that windier conditions could also cause amphibians ' death	'groundwater levels this summer are lower than those of 1976
"Many pictures in the book "" Learning How to Learn "" can make children understand book easily"	'make the book beautiful
"The word "" it "" in "" it began to become less""refers to boy 's temper"	'the fence
It is important that people should eat something seven kinds food every day	'eat three times a day
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Wen Jiabao visited QianXuesen August 2009 .	'Qian was born in 1936 in Hangzhou .
What is the author 's intention in writing this letter ? To invite people members museum .	'To call for more people to join in volunteer work .
The two robots first two American robots landed Mars	'have found out that it is warm and wet on Mars
If you want to know more about Liverpool 's importance in history , you should visit Maritime Museum	'take a ferry across River Mersey
What is the best title of the passage ? Popular Culture Meets Chinese Tourists	'Where Are Chinese Tourists Going Next
From this story , we can learn that responsible breaking rules	'helping friends often gets us in trouble
Why did the writer refer to her friend 's story ? To show importance beauty person 's heart .	'To show how important outer beauty is .
What can we learn about the competition launched by the two governments ? The competition held order stop people 's confusion two countries .	'The winner of the competition will receive a 24-day trip altogether to both of the countries .
The purpose of the passage is to introduce us new way teaching style	'tell us how to use a bathtub in the classroom
From the passage we learn that happy jobs related helping others	'the more you earn 
If you always work with computer , what kind of tea should you drink ? Green tea .	'Strong tea .
Which statement is true according to the passage ? The jokes computer less funny humans .	'The Germans can not find the submitted jokes amusing .
From the report we know Ou Pingqin n't marry	'Ou Pingqin was born in Yangxin
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Ocean warming may threaten king penguins	'The Crozet Archipelago is the world of king penguins
In the writer 's opinion , schools necessary	'more schools should be built
"The following statements are about "" predators "" , which one is true ? A predator eat animals , also eaten ."	'A predator kills and eats other animals as prey .
According to the findings of the survey , we learn more than half of the participants think that personal social media use work good work	"'using social media at work is good for workplace productivity', ""employees should n't use personal social media at work at all"
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? GM food may way multinational corporations drive China 's patent hybrid rice market .	'Those who are for GM products and those who are against keep arguing fiercely by holding conferences .
According to the passage , a panic attack is resulted anxiety attack	'as serious as an anxiety attack
This article   tells us 's good watch TV	"'not to watch TV any more', ""students should n't watch TV at any time"
According to the passage , NEETs refer to those who education , employment training	'often miss classes from studio school
What would be the best title of this passage ? The uncertainty relationship pollution health	'The dangers of heavy pollution
According to the passage , it seems that children like nothing better junk food : cookies chips	'canned food is the only one that the kids enjoy most .
The author does strongly suggest that people ignore value broad horizons , positive attitudes personal integrity .	'more competition be encouraged on college campus .
Which of the following is a good habit when listening ? Try get main ideas .	'Try to understand everything .
During the author 's   elementary school years , she wished mom good Tiffany 's	"'went to school with Tiffany every day', ""usually compared her lesson with Tiffany 's"
Why is the percentage of foreign - born workers so high in Kuwait , Qatar , and the United Arab Emirates ? There enough native - born workers countries must recruit workers countries .	'These countries pay very high wages 
According to the passage , the British people like buy things simply fashionable	'like to build new houses simply because it is fashionable to do so
What do we learn from the passage ? With device , sleeper 's hands ca n't move freely sleeping .	'Snoring can cause the blood oxygen to increase .
Which is the best possible title of the passage ? Age Is No Barrier Fashion Fans .	'Unexpected changes in Fashion .
Which of the following best describes the passage as a whole ? Smells could affect humans ' lifespan .	"'Female flies are insensitive to CO2 .', ""The sense of smell is vital to humans ' health ."
What would be the best title for this passage ? Laughter best medicine .	'Both laughter and physical exercise are good for health .
Early admissions program is good for rich students because problem supporting studies	'they have more chances to enter college
The writer wants to tell us that learning happily key self - development .	'tests should be improved to give children inspiration .
Why are there more tough women nowadays ? Because fierce competition society .	'Because tough women are more lovely .
Why does n't Mrs Smith buy a camera ? All   .	'Because the camera she wants to buy is sold out .
From the passage we can know that Lin proven good student learn lot players .	'used to be a leader in the New York Knicks
"Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Only old United States know meaning "" face music "" ."	"'"" To face the music "" is well known in the United States ."
68 . We can learn from the text that everybody meet online n't honest reliable	'it is not acceptable to post a photo of a friend online
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? It 's hoped middle school students improve behavior school .	'Being a middle school student can be painful and joyful at the same time .
What does the text mainly convey ? Robots increasingly entering everyday life .	'Robot wedding conductors are becoming popular .
What is true about the baby 's mother ? She found something similar baby father .	"""She blamed her husband for the baby 's big ears ."
The writer wants to tell us growing topiary garden takes time skills	'what a topiary is like
Which of the following about the Green Revolution is NOT right ? If n't Green Revolution , would rice eat .	"'The expression "" the Green Revolution "" appeared several years ago ."
Which of the following does not show that nano cups are different from ordinary cups ? Nano cups ca n't make people healthier .	'Nano cups are made of a different material .
This text is mainly written to introduce film Elephant	'report a school killing in a US school
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The salty water sea makes sold salty .	'The heavy rain makes the soil salty .
In order to protect the workers ` health , All .	'the companies should take more measures .
What does the author think of getting along with his daughter ? It 's easier get along 4 .	"""He could n't take care of her after she went to school ."
Which sentence shows the writer 's opinion ? We learn deal negative peer pressure .	"'Peer pressure is the influence that people of the same age have on one another .', ""It 's not always important to say no to your peers ."
It can be inferred from the passage that Francesca Schiavone given 2 - 0 failure Open championship nearly two hours ' hitting	"""Li Na 's childhood dream was to win the French Open"
What is the main    idea of the article ? We try find important things life .	'We should use our time to do some more things .
Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? There extreme bike races C4BMX four libraries June July .	'Children up to 5 can not join in the read -to- me club .
What can we know from Jessica ? British citizens know later period Ming Dynasty earlier ones .	'British people have a good knowledge of the Ming Dynasty .
Which sentence is true according to the text ? The brain stem something ability hear .	'The brain stem controls our ability to speak .
Which of the following is the advantage of dollar coins according to the passage ? They easy wear .	'They cost less than paper bills .
The World of Children presents awards to those who lot help kids need	'help the kids in the U.S
The text is mainly about effect tobacco tax increase	'the rate of teen smoking
What 's the main idea of the text ? Driving GPS difficult navigate   .	'GPS systems are helpful for drivers .
The text is mainly about whether longer school day help narrow achievement gap	'how students have benefited from additional school hours
According to the first piece of news , which of the following happens first ? Cellphone users receive messages criminals .	'Cellphone users turn off their mobile telephones .
It can be inferred from this passage that maybe trees help jays find seeds stored	'most scientists believe birds have real intelligence
What 's the key factor   that the Boog need to survive himself in the wild ? It 's thought Boog beyond control .	'The Boog is required to find enough food .
What 's the main idea of the text ? Williams & Federer named 2009 ' world champions .	'Roger Federer got his fifth world champions .
The billing agency sent Joe Ryan a notice to inform payment surgery	'playing a joke on him for medical treatment
"Mrs Badman described Paige as "" being on death row "" because Paige could die time without warning"	"'she found Paige struggling painfully', ""she had organized Paige 's funeral"
On the first two days , Julia gave blind man money	'the blind man waited for Julia
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The cow always wants .	'The grass is greener on the other side of the house .
Which of the following is suggested in the passage ? The schoolboys could repeat Latin grammar rules memory .	'The schoolmaster mainly helped those who were bad at Latin .
Another student told Bob that looked liked Peter	'students liked Peter
The first kind of physical activity must be strictly controlled because movement wrong direction cause mistake	'a mistake in the wrong direction is dangerous to the fingers
The best title for this passage is Sleeping peace storm	'A young man and his dream
Which of the following is TRUE   according to the passage ? The B330 module built moon would inside space 330 cubic meters .	"""NASA 's newest space habitat is a kids ' moon bounce ."
The main purpose of the passage is to help birders learn identify understand birds	'attract more people to photograph birds
What can we know about Jack from the passage ? Jack 's parents proud .	'Jack was afraid to be on the programme .
"What can be inferred from the incident of "" duomaomao "" ? It influence Internet led truth ."	'Hide - and - seek is a dangerous game .
Which is the best title   of the passage ? Robots coming	'The computers changed our lives
It can be implied from the text that n't focus judging others constantly reflect	"""the writer 's first reaction to the man was to judge him as offensive"
Which of the following is TRUE ? The thieves made Whites leave house giving two tickets .	'The policemen helped Mr White find his car .
What can we infer    from the passage ? Parents may help give bad eating habits .	"'Fresh fruits are the best food for us .', ""We should n't eat sugar to keep healthy ."
Why did the poor man often feel hungry ? The rich man n't give enough food .	'He ate only one meal a day .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The traveler put tomatoes , potatoes carrots soup .	'The villagers were happy to taste the soup .
Who ran faster , Mr. Brown or the thief ? Mr. Brown	'Yes 
What makes Chinese cultural experts worry that the lovers ' festival is dying out ? The cold reacting public Qixi Festival .	'The disappointment for both businessmen and lovers .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Declan Galbraith began success singing 7 years old . k%s5$u	"'Declan Galbraith liked the novelist Charles Dickens .', ""Declan Galbraith sang for his grandfather 's band ."
What should you do if the connection is bad when you aye talking on your mobile phone ? Move away stop talk later .	'Raise your voice in order to be heard .
Are Jack and Li Lei good friends ? Yes , .	'Yes 
What did the researchers suggest policymakers do ? Make superior education available children .	'Narrow income gaps between different families .
Why do doctors recommend routine cancer screening for elderly people ? The elderly greater danger tumor growth .	'It is part of their health care package .
Which of the following about Superliners is true ? A sightseeing lounge upper level .	'There are lines of windows on the lower level .
We can learn from the passage that cell phones make line work home unclear	'cell phones affect men as much as women
We can learn from the passage that Susie used trouble boy	"'Susie felt deeply sorry for her foolish mistake', ""the boy does n't get along well with his classmats"
With a RFID implanted , which of the following will Mr. Donelson be able to do ? Open doors unlock car wave hand .	'Make a safety gate open with a knock of a card .
Which of the following expressions can show someone is nervous ? Wear pants family .	"""Get caught with one 's pants down ."
Scientists are studying music because music plays important role lives	'music can be used for medical treatments
Food chains suggest that living thing live alone	'every life needs food
The author mentions the functions of science at the beginning of the passage to explain many writers use science works	"""show the value of Brooks 's new book"
What is the reason why the first letter is unable to be fully answered ? David thinks expected play fair competition	'David is unable to think out good advice .
After the policeman jumped into the car , Rolls could drive fast wished within certain distance	'dared not drive the car faster than he was allowed to
If you want to swim and enjoy activities which are fast and a bit dangerous , you should join Watersports Club	'Diving Center
What do we know about Olivetti ? It five independent companies head office lvrea .	"'It produced the best typewriter in the word .', ""It designed the word 's first mainframe computer ."
Which of the following statements would Cohen most probably support ? No matter whether done group alone , mental activity always good brain - cell health .	'Older people should keep mentally active by challenging their brains .
The best solution for implementing the 24-hour working system seems to be arrange people work night shifts	'to change shifts at longer intervals .
Which of the following statements about Cody is NOT true ? He gets along well brother mother .	'He likes surfing and lives in Antarctica .
The main idea of the passage is contend difficult roommate .	'how to identify the source of the problem .
What is the best title for this passage ? Remember Good Times	'A Graduation Party
According to the text , we can learn that    humpback whales west change tunes first .	"""humpback whales do n't like living in groups ."
We can learn from the passage that Yuanfang fictional figure currently popular netizens	'plays an important role in a Chinese TV series
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Different levels governments different types taxes United States .	'All the states have a sales tax which is used to support poor people .
According to the article , who will pay for the meal in western countries ? Sometimes person pays .	'All the people who have the meal will pay the bill together .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Prevention Treatment ?	'Prevention or Education ?
The name of the passage would be The Thirsty World	'The Sea Water
We can infer the passage that people virus flu symptoms still infect others .	"'People catch a cold or the flu only in autumn or winter .', ""people getting a flu vaccination wo n't catch the illness for life ."
Researchers from the University of London are mentioned to show that disagree Dr Smith 's suggestion	'they have better explanations about aliens
What can we know about cycle ball ? It fast - paced game played indoor court	'It is another name of soccer played by many people .
Which of the following sentences is TRUE ? French wax sculptor Marie Tussaud set first Madame Tussauds London .	"""You can only find famous singers and actors in Beijing 's Madame Tussauds ."
"why does n't the rising entrance rate seem to have relieved people 's anxiety ? Students contented "" common""college ."	'The rate of college entrance is still not high in China .
Carl likes his job because go lots different places	'he makes a good living
What 's the best title of the passage ? A dangerous meal	"'A snake----floodplain death adder', ""Two types of frogs----Dahl 's Frog and Marbled Frog"
What 's the best title of the passage ? Global Pizza	"""McDonald 's and Pizza"
We can learn from the passage that imbalanced gender ratio related growth violent crime .	"""Singles ' Day is celebrated all over the world ."
Why does the woman dress her children in the same clothes ? She wants see children easily among others	'She has so many children .
The senators spoke with officials at both Apple and Google    urge invade consumers ' privacy .	'to stop them from developing the technology of taking photos .
What can we know about man - made lakes ? Water contains lot impure substances .	'Only rain water can be collected and stored in it .
What can we infer from the passage ? The writer adopted teaching methods improved student evaluations .	"""Parents do n't care about their money spent on their children 's education ."
Which of the following is Not true according to the passage ? The old man n't give young man meat .	"'The old man sells the horse .', ""The young man does n't say anything about the horse before the old man sells it ."
"According to the text , pandas . greatest danger extinction "" Red List """	"""are in less danger of extinction now with the China 's protection efforts"
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? In future theme parks , learning centers people try scientific experiments .	'Most of us will go to the bottom of the ocean or to the edges of the solar system .
Bill took the birds to virginia because 's warmer	"""it 's 600 miles away from his home"
Who lose the most because of the food crisis ? Poor people cities poor countries .	'Farmers in rich countries .
Which of the following is mainly about in this passage ? The Chinese learning Chicago .	'The ways to learn Chinese .
From this passage we know that     girl self - confident enough first .	'the girl was really ugly without the hair clip
If we have a close look at the reading habits of boys and girls we 'll find that    girls interested fiction boys	'girls are more interested in action - packed stories than boys
Mrs. Jones was very happy when told about her room because she already made mind happy	"""could n't see what her room was like"
Which of the following takes place in the summer ? PAWSwalk	'Youth Work Party .
From the story we know that John tried get money work	'John made a mistake in the hill
The reason that some children are backward in speaking is most likely that mothers respond attempts speak	'they do not listen carefully to their mothers
What is the best title of the passage ? Soul clothes	'A lovely baby
Several companies are racing to produce electronic paper colors moving images	'Make the Harry Potte \n  _ TV program
A group of Americans have the idea about TV - Turnoff Week because they think watching TV much bad .	'think watching TV is a waste of time .
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? The price taking train .	'The position of Poteet Strawberry Festival .
Which of the following is NOT true ? The professor knew answer riddle .	'The two men made rules for their riddle .
From the text , we can know that gives shark speed maneuverability fins muscles .	'it is true that sharks are attacking all the time .
Which of the following statements about the Smurfs is TRUE according to the passage ? The Smurfs friendly tolerant .	'The Smurfs are socialists .
What does the writer want to tell us ? To forget sadness remember happiness .	'To buy more boxes when we go to the market .
The Oasis of the Seas includes a number of ' firsts ' EXCEPT delicious food world	"""the world 's largest ever cruise ship"
What can we know from the passage ? We work personal computers train .	'We can travel from London to Paris in less than 2hours .
The animals in the forest visit the owl because    owl tell problems .	"""the owl can help them when they do n't feel well"
What 's the purpose of this passage ? To introduce schools troubled teens .	'To show some problems of troubled teens .
According to the passage , the writer seems to feel that risk catching cancer n't great people think	'the risk of catching cancer is on the rise
Compared with the current generation , the older generation had memories wonderful life countryside	'more homework and exercises when they were children
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To advocate sustainable development	'To introduce a new business model
Which one is not the reason for South Africa being chosen as the training place ? Because tigers hunt wild animals African base .	'Because South Africans are skilled at dealing with the tigers .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Poor children thinner neocortex wealthy peers .	'Differences exist between poor children and rich ones .
Which of the following can be the best title of this passage ? Use Drug Properly	'Common Drug Abuse in America
We can infer from the text that the employees of the enterprise    lacked devotion company	'would start their work by listening to a joke
According to the text , quantum computing work using transistors	'can make computers run by themselves
From the passage we know the robot fish will find pollution water	'work in the sea near England
We can learn from the passage that The writer passage agrees John Donne Dale Carnegie	'John Donne learned something from Dale Carnegie
The purpose of the passage is show strong emotions cause sudden death	'to explain why people will die of a heart attack
Which of the following is right ? Mutter 's family effect .	"""Anne - Sophie 's concerts are limited to one or two a year ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? With help British government , Chinatown successful .	'Before the 20th century 
Why did Belser send Jack his gold watch ? Because grateful Jack 's time .	'Because he thought he had to keep his word .
"Which of the following is NOT the reason for McDonald 's success ? Kroc chose "" Mc Donald "" brothers partners"	'people living alone tend to depend on fast food
It is certain that the best way to learn new words is get separate meanings word	'to learn by living in an English - speaking world and using them frequently
Based on the passage , we learn the writer may agree that milk considered like food nutrient	'milk is the most important thing that we need for our bones
Everyone in the bank did what the robbers told them because frightened	'the robbers were very polite
In the opinion of Zhou Jiansong , what will employers probably do when interviewing women interviewees ? They may hope know women interviewees ' childbearing plan .	"""They will pay no attention to women 's right to have a child or two ."
It can be inferred that-------- . 8 sailors may died	'the Russian navy officers and soldiers were willing to help the sailors
What is the passage mainly about ? Whether patients told truth illness .	'Whether patients really want to know the truth of their condition .
"What does Paula Courtney imply by saying "" ... the shopper must also find a replacement "" ( Line 2 , Para . 4 ) Not complaining manager causes shopper trouble ."	'New customers are bound to replace old ones .
What 's the main message from the interview ? Obama determined win reelection .	'Obama plays an active part in raising money for the poor .
The passage is about links seasonal changes crime patterns .	'crime patterns .
Which of the following is NOT true according to Para . 4 ? People put weight eat much breakfast .	'Some people skip breakfast because they want to be slimmer .
The neighbor tells Jim open drum knife	'to put the drum away
"When the local guide said "" Kang - a - roo "" he really meant    "" I idea pointing . """	"'"" Ah "
What would be the best title for this passage ? Cameras Police Cars .	'A Plan Against the City .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? The prices farm products lower country city .	'People living in the country enjoy no advantages .
From the passage we can learn that Great Pyramid built    tomb Pharaoh Khufu	'Giza is the modern capital of Egypt
What is mainly talked about in the passage ? Cross - cultural partnerships .	'Multi - national companies in China .
The author 's father took her to the top of a church tower to encourage find another way solve problem	'find out how many ways lead to the square
"The article mainly tells us     expressions "" gold """	'the value of gold
Benjamin Hall is    man attended meeting held make name big clock	'a man who built Big Ben
It can be inferred from what Beckie Smith said that thought highly rescuers	'she regarded the accident as a wonder
The shape of snow depends on temperatures water levels air	'different water levels
Which of the following is TRUE about the Winners Club ? Services convenient members .	'The bank opens only on work days .
"What do the Americans mean by "" Time is money "" ? If someone time works hard , make lot money ."	'It takes quite a lot of time to make money .
Which of the following sentences is true ? The pianist helped boy play beautiful music .	"""The pianist knew the boy 's mother very well ."
In the pictures taken by Rachel Hosken , we can infer that swimmers frightened basking shark	'swimmers and surfers were escaping
What does the author mainly argue for ? We rethink attitude towards animals mankind .	'Pets are of great significance to us human beings .
Working with a messy desk or work area , you will waste lot time	'find the things you need easily
Which of the following can be the best title for the story ? How small people make big difference	'How adults persuade kids
Which of the following is the possible title of the passage ? How teach child money management .	"""How to develop a child 's initiative ."
To many people today , reading quickly comprehending quickly ensure success	'reading quickly is easy
According to the passage , what 's the author 's problem ? She greatly affected social influence .	'She was too poor to afford the new brands in the supermarket
"The best title of the passage would be ""   The first lady begins fight childhood obesity"	'The most urgent health issues facing the country
Which of the following is TRUE ? Children may love reading fairy tales .	'People can learn nothing from fables .
On February 14 , men in South Korea may receive presents women	'send gifts to the women they love
People are not certain flew London	'where the parakeets live
The dogs refused to give the paw when they felt treated equally	'found another dog was given nothing
.What is the best title of the passage ? The end Beckham ?	'Beckham had a dream ?
The writer did n't return to work in South Texas after graduation because found opportunity Washiongton State	"""he did n't graduate from university"
Which of the following has the most to have studied a foreign language ? People London .	'People from Scotland .
The son died because wanted get snake 's gold coins .	"""the snake did n't offer him any gold coins"
February 14 is chosen as Valentine 's Day because    people want remember Valentine	'lovers express their tender emotions on this day .
The dictionary thinks that its ex - owner put it on the bookshelf because he wanted show	'thought that it could match the comic books
What can we infer about Serval 's children ? They unwilling brush teeth	'They often failed to clean their toothbrushes .
This passage is mainly about unforgettable trip watch whales	'an unforgettable trip to see some strange animals in the mountains
The best title for the passage is Old World Place Names America	'American Cities and Their Names
Which of the following statement is NOT true according to the passage ? We remember first revolution .	'Human beings have the power to put an end to all forms of poverty .
What can we infer from the passage ? The author 's sister living hard life .	"""The author wo n't take care of her mother ."
What is WRONG according to the passage ? Peter 's girl friend loved super power .	"'Spiderman was created by Stan Lee .', ""Peter 's parents died when he was a child ."
The cheque was written by Mr. Jekyll , well - known doctor	"'Doctor Lanyon ', "" Mr. Jekyll 's friend"
. From the passage we know that Ground stations control satellites make sure working well .	'All GPS devices have electronic maps
"We can tell that a building might be "" sick "" when people got different kinds diseases"	'bacteria can be seen in the air
The writer of this passage thinks that always morally right treat old people push death	'the opinion that we should try every means possible to save old people is uncertain
You want to do an activity one evening a week and get a certificate in the end , you can go to Sailing Club	'Diving Center
Which of the following is TRUE of James Watson ? He n't want know chance getting disease .	"""He is more likely to suffer from Alzheimer 's disease ."
In this passage , the author is telling us that greedy , may get nothing	"""human beings should n't trust a tortoise"
Where can you get to know Singapore 's past ? At PulauUbin .	'At Jurong Bird Park .
Why does the pilot fish swim along beside the shark ? Because get food protection	'Because he likes eating the waste given off by the shark
Which of the following is TRUE ? Most grown - ups sleep seven eight hours .	'All grown - ups must have at least eight - hour sleep .
We can learn from the passage that parents expected tell children truth food	'scientists think the iron in spinach helps children grow strong
Some lottery winners want to be with a more attractive man or woman because they think winning lot money made intelligent attractive	"""do n't like their husbands or wives any more"
We can learn from the passage that ASIMO performs according designed programs	'was designed and trained by Yo - Yo Ma
What does the article mainly talk about ? Kimchi means Koreans .	'The nutritional value of kimchi .
Must most people drink five liters of water every day ?    No , eat contains water	'Yes 
Which of the following is TRUE ? The underground water Saudi Arabia might run 50 years .	'The water stores in Texas have been reduced by 75 % .
It can be inferred that John Hersey dissatisfied children 's readings time	'thought his article was too difficult for first graders to read
What does the writer like most about what he filmed ? Toto 's casual attitude toward raccoons .	'How Toto fought against the raccoons .
What kind of music are mentioned in this passage ? Pop , folk , country western music .	'Pop 
He told the jeweler to get him another pearl that must be exactly big nice black one	'exactly the same size as the black on
"By saying "" With so many unknowns , it 's easy to let one 's imagination ' fill in the blanks ' "" , the writer means that people may disappointed meet person"	'the Internet allows people to get more information about their loved ones
From the passage we can infer that in the US schools safety actually serious problem	'most of students like shooting
What do we know about Model No . 62558 and Model No . 1801 ? Model No . 62558 suitable babies 0 - 12 months .	'Model No . 62558 is much safer than Model No . 1801 .
We can infer from the passage EXCEPT atmosphere earth transferred original idea	'if you observe and explore nature 
Which of the following is NOT TRUE about National Palace Museum in Taiwan , ? It took people five years finish building   museum .	'It is said that the museum keeps about 600 
From the passage we learn that laptop program also good influence parents	'a school Internet portal is the key to a laptop program
It is implied in the passage that party - goers wish n't drunk much	'The gift givers do not know whom they will give gifts to
According to the passage , Mrs. Mann provided children little food comforts	'was mad keen on looking after children
It can be inferred from the text that John group favor law euthanasia Australia .	'Australia passed the law of euthanasia by the vote of 15 to 10
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Lena Horne involved civil rights activities 1960s .	'Lena Home became the first African - American in Hollywood in her forties .
The main purpose of Steve Minear 's writing is invite answer question	'to explain the natural state of Mars
Which of the following might have something to do with the protection against mouth cancer ? Antioxidants coffee .	'Coffee without chemicals .
Which of the following is NOT the purpose for English teenagers to receive cooking lessons ? To stop parents turning pre - prepared convenience foods .	"'To encourage teenagers to eat healthy food .', ""To reduce the country 's increasing obesity rate ."
The speaker of the passage is most probably manager cinema bookstore	'a tourist in the cinema bookstore
A bat mom gives birth hanging cave	'gives birth by lying in the nest
Why did people enjoy going to coffeehouses ? Because could exchange ideas .	'Because it was a fashion to drink coffee .
Maria had to leave school because Her family poor	"""Her father did n't want her to go to school"
Which is the best choice for a kid to learn Spanish ? Language Music School .	"'Camp Jam Chicago .', ""Child 's play Touring Theater ."
Which of the following can summarize the main idea of the text ? Do need rescue kids digital world ?	'Should children learn to use digital technology ?
Which of the following gives Jim Yong Kim the hope to end world poverty ? A decreasing number people living poverty .	'Economic growth is increasing in developing countries .
This passage mainly tells us about how to forecast weather	'train ourselves as meteorologists
Which of the following can be chosen as the best title for this passage ? Healthcare Rural Area Faces Challenges	'The Comparison of Rural and Urban Healthcare
The writer 's birthday is on October 29th	'October 1st
What 's the research really about ? Sleep health .	'Boys and girls .
Mass does the research to attach importance hearing	'present the mental decline
What tends to give rise to the highest death toll according to the passage ? The world 's serious air pollution soot dust .	'The increasing numbers of the diesel cars and trucks .
According to the writer , using cellphone driving forbidden	'drivers should slow down while talking on the phone
"Wang Xu and Liu Gang first became nationally known after video singing "" In Spring "" posted Internet ."	"'they sang the song "" In the Spring "" with a star composer Wang Feng ."
we learn from the text that in Ireland food shortages 1840s led decline population	'people are moving to the cities for lack of work in the countryside
Preschool teachers should care children 's health well studies	'be strict with the children when educating them
The passage is mainly for those drinking habit	'who are eager to lose weight
What 's the best title of this passage ? Speed Reading Is Important Skill	'Speed Reading Brings You Pleasure
When the father first saw his baby , he was worried that The baby might laughed others .	'The baby might not grow up healthily .
According to the text , the recycling system is important because help meet need water crew expanded	"""with it NASA wo n't need to ship any water up the space station"
How does Lei Wuming improve his students ' attendance ? He offers food rewards .	'He sets up a micro - blog for his students .
What does Paragraph 4 mainly tell us ? The possible causes poor sleep .	'The influences of lack of sleep .
We can learn from the passage that Experts n't definitely know sources H7N9 bird flu .	'H7N9 bird flu can spread from human to human .
What 's the passage mainly about ? What happens programme .	'How people use colours .
Why did fishing companies equip their boats with freezers ? keep fish taste fresh	'to increase the price of the fish
We can learn from Dr Simon Ridley that different occupations may make difference keeping brain active	"""people 's occupation has a direct influence on later - life cognition"
If a place successfully becomes a World Heritage Site , the country continue take special care	'can ask UNESCO for more money and help
The advantage of chevrons over straight , horizontal bars is that the former longer effect drivers	'can keep drivers awake
What did the writer find when she reached the Grand Canyon ? She found canyon far deeper imagined .	'She found it was very easy to climb the canyon .
We can learn from the passage that elderly people , good reading habit helps slow memory loss	"""the benefits of regular reading has n't been proved"
According to the passage , what are the two most beautiful things in Hawaii ? Volcanoes beaches .	'Beaches and language .
What attitude should lonely ordinary people have in our life ? Having heart seeks good never gives .	'Aiming high and do admirable things like hawks .
From the passage we can infer son proud scars arms	'the son was proud of his scars on his legs
Which of the following is TRUE ? David plays sports every day .	'David is not healthy .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The quality college graduates meet demands companies .	"'Economics ', ' finance and accounting are no longer "" hot "" now .', ""Quite a number of college students do n't work hard at their lessons ."
It may add to the difficulty in repairing the painting that likely stolen 's repair	"""experts have n't noticed changes in its shape as visitors do"
What is the passage mainly about ? The problem high housing price China possible solutions .	'Different opinions on the problem of high housing price in China .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Extensive preparations made opening resort .	'The ticket prices of the theme park have been announced .
What do we know about the people who dedicated their lives to the cave before ? They found cave empty last .	'The old man freed them from its spell .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true ? Spending much time thinking future enjoy present .	'Money and success alone do notbring you lasting happiness .
"According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? The book "" Uncle Tom 's Cabin "" readers stage versions ."	'The theme on revolution and progress in the book were lost in the play .
Why did the government start the website ? To attract biggest market buyers .	'To help children know about advertising .
What 's Yam 's view on men and women ? Their intellectual abilities research capabilities .	'Women require stability and security .
Which is the best title of the passage ? Ways Eye Care	'Ways of Eye Exercises
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? It 's important listen read things order get used foreign language .	"""It 's necessary to get explanations in your own language about a foreign language ."
As she grew older , Princess Elizabeth started take part British public life .	'stopped playing a part in British public life .
By writing this passage , the writer wants to introduce turn hobby career	'how to choose a hobby for your free time
What is basically needed for MEXICA to start to write a story ? The human operator come simple storyline .	'The beginning and the end of the story should be provided .
Which of the following is Wrong about H7N9 transmission ? It happened father daughter .	'It was person to person transmission
Australia is large China .	'the largest country in the world
Many scientists are against the request because think belugas kept entertainment	'they think whales belong not only to the ocean
AGNES has been developed to 1et us understand old people better	'help old people move more quickly
What is the best title of the passage ? Toys people	'Toys and needles
"Which of the following is NOT true about the book ? The "" New Cheese "" last paragraph refers kind freshly - made milk food ."	"""The author 's friends were interested to know why life became better for Spencer ."
From the passage we know that middle - aged people easy get fat	'mice need to eat more and exercise more
Why did the thief go to the shop at 1:00 p.m. ? Because thought would asked keep shop .	'Because the shopkeeper invited him to lunch then .
The author mentioned her ages of twenties , thirties , forties and fifty in order to show worrying children life	'the different stages of her children
When building houses , people tend to like live near quiet volcano	'judge volcanic dangers carefully
Which of the following statements about Thanksgiving Day is FALSE ? It falls day November every year .	'It is the most traditional American holiday after 1863 .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Kylie 's customers 30s 50s .	'Wearing clothes in a good colour will make us look happy .
What is the first step to find a job that suits you well ? The first step completely know special qualities make different everyone else .	'The first step is to find out as much as possible about different kinds of work .
It can be inferred from the text that stores used method allowing customers touch products .	"'there were noticeable differences between the students who touched the products and those who did not .', ""buyers wo n't buy the items if they do n't like them even though they have touched them ."
What is the passage mainly about ? Charlie Chaplin 's early success career .	'Charlie Chaplin made the cinema industry popular .
Which of the following is NOT true ? The economies Asian countries becoming worse .	"""There 're more than 2.5 billion people in China "
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? At first writer active learning violin .	'The writer had her violin lessons every day .
What should you know about farecard machines ? They make change $ 5 .	'They start selling tickets at 9:30 a.m.
Which of the following may probably be the best title for the passage ? Pianist Charged Noise Pollution	'A 7-year Sentence Caused by the Piano
Which of the following is NOT true ? Now people different places ca n't play games together .	'Multiplayer games are becoming more and more popular .
What can we infer from the passage ? Yang 's books translated French , German English .	'Yang has two daughters with her all her life .
What is the common belief since human existed ? It 's hard continue family line one child .	'People are crazy to have only one child .
Why is being a teenager often difficult ? Because even though adult , must deal adult problems .	"'Because even though you are an adult ', "" you must deal with children 's problems ."
From the passage , we can infer that     decision made investigation yet	'the people involved in the matter support Mark Black
The result of dry January campaign is that people improve health	"'many people stop drinking', 'people drink more than before', ""people 's blood pressure increases"
Which of the following is TRUE about Charles and Calvin ? They taken flying saucer .	'They went to the river to wait for an alien .
By saying convenience is not in my vocabulary , the author means always ready help friend	'he hardly spares time to help his friend
Each side of the brain controls different things	'controls the same thing
It can be learned from the passage that The effects potassium intake men younger people yet known	'Results of the research were based on potassium from medicine
Why was Mr Dunbar late for the cinema showing ? He ca n't exactly measure time .	'He got up too late to get there .
. The woman beat the professor with a broom because mistook   professor husband	'the professor was too rude to her
Mrs. Turner wanted everyone to know son going study university	'her son finished middle school
Which of the sentences expresses the main idea of this passage ? Money n't mean everything .	'Money can not buy time and love .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Little known workers passage written .	"""A woman 's father who had retired from work still stayed there ."
Emily is good at English Spanish	'English and Russian
What can we know about music and people in America ? Students listen music class , class , lunch .	'Student drivers carry small radios with earphones when they drive on the street .
Which of the following is always advisable when a global resume is prepared according to the passage ? Send paper emailed copy .	'Write it in American English .
The author mentioned Jefferson 's visit to Lafayette to show Jefferson valued importance learning others	'Jefferson was dissatisfied with Lafayette
Which is wrong ? In day , 's light .	'Skin -- diving is a new sport .
Which of the following is NOT the thing the A.T.course does ? Helping people assert even others hurt .	'Encourage people to speak out .
The student loan has all of the advantages except that It make students live comfortable life university .	'It can enable students to carry on with their study .
The topic of the passage is Memory vital importance life .	"'What would life be like without memory ?', ""How is a person 's memory different from an animal 's or a computer 's ?"
The best title of the passage is Are happy ?	'The Measurement of Happiness
If a Japanese wants to detect whether a smile is true or false , he will probably look eyes	'read the whole face
Which of the following is TRUE about using your NatWest Credit Card ? You charged interest beyond 56 days .	'You have to pay back with interest within 56 days .
What might be the most suitable title for the passage ? Solar Energy : Starting Scratch .	'Eight19 : a creative British Company .
Who found the time capsule buried by Steve Jobs ? crew National Geographic Channel`s reality show called Diggers .	'Apple founder Steve Jobs himself .
"What did the father do after he had heard his daughter 's complaint ? He told write "" enemy "" said pay attention things true ."	"'He told her not to pay any attention to what her "" enemy "" had said ."
What is the BEST title for the passage ? Japanese Children 's Day	"'Japanese 753 Festival', ""Japanese Boy 's Day"
What can be inferred from the passage ? A reasonable amount vitamins kind essential human body .	'People can not live happily without vitamins .
Which topic is the best for the passage ? English around world .	'A first language in the world .
This programme teaches children learn basic music knowledge	'to master playing the piano quickly
What 's the best title of the article ? How learn English well .	'We should read English more .
From the text we can know Nino n't grow age 2	"'why Nino is so short', ""all Nino 's family are very short"
"What is the purpose of the author writing this passage ? Promoting product "" Stop Global Warming calculator """	'Giving people tips on how to save money in life
"By "" I 'm the only one who knows what gold looks like "" , O'Leary means that he knows best use math help solve crimes"	'is better at finding gold than others
Queen Elizabeth 's four children are called Prince Edward , Princess Anne , Prince Andrew Prince Charles	'Prince Andrew 
Why does the author mention so many proverbs ? Proverbs useful life .	'She wants to tell us how well she used the proverbs in her life .
The author was delighted when she read the card from Jenna because Jenna would friend	'what Jenna wrote was funny
This passage is mainly about importance language	'a strong mother
Why does the writer compare the fish to trees ? They growth rings .	'Trees gain a growth ring each day .
What should you do if you want to join the book club ? Fill application form return club .	'Just send the club an email .
What 's mainly talked about in the passage ? China 's first direct coal - - oil project .	"'The way to change coal to oil .', ""China 's leading coal producer "
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Crows Show Cleverness	'Monkeys Are Clever Than Crows
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Green plants increase job satisfaction .	'An easier way to increase job satisfaction .
What does the author believe according to the passage ? People used full confidence higher education .	'People used to question the value of college education .
What do you have to do when sailing against the wind ? Tack boat .	'Allow the sail to flap .
From the story we can know that old man always full hope	"""the boy 's parents believed in the old man"
The fifth passage tells us that people anything want	'people should give him more money
What are the ingredients of the Dukbokgi ? Rice cakes vegetables	'Rice 
Which of the following is useful to reduce the children 's stress before the move ? Try letting children accept fact moving .	'Let doctors give children some advice .
Which statement would Dr Giuseppe Esposito probably agree with ? There still long way go find whether cell phones safe use .	"'Cell phone safety is not an important issue .', ""It goes without saying that cell phones harm people 's health ."
What would be the best title for the text ? An Unusual Architect -- Ieoh Ming Pei	"""Ieoh Ming Pei 's Life and Background"
What did the other kids do after the incident ? They helped boy cleaning .	'They laughed at the boy rudely .
Why is Merrigan visiting universities across the country ? To talk students farming careers .	"""To draw federal agriculture officials ' attention ."
The new school bus safety rules include all the followings EXCEPT driver 's experience	'the color of the bus
""" The universality of toys "" lies in the fact that basic characteristics toys world"	'technological advances have greatly improved the making of toys
What 's the best title for the passage ? Welcome Back , Discovery	'Another Huge Success of Discovery
What is the passage mainly about ? The general information prom .	'The history of the prom .
The site has the following advantages except that provide lots jobs careful guaranteed .	'it is easy to find jobs because it contains a complete list of jobs to choose from .
According to the article , a class website is of great help in communicating students teachers	'storing class documents
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? writer 's belief change grows .	"'the writer thinks what he thought at the age of 12 is mature .', ""the writer 's children will certainly live in an ideal environment ."
What can we learn from the passage ? We learn think critically look problems sides .	'Some measures must be taken to protect our dangerous world .
What is the main purpose of the author writing the passage ? To remind us worship famous stars blindly .	'To show the disadvantages of working with stars .
From the passage , we can make a conclusion that anything goes beyond normal adventure travel	'adventure travel always includes something dangerous
All punctuation rules were discovered and invented in order to meet need printing	'help people read out loud
The author 's purpose in writing this article is to give introduction Milan tourist destination	'inform readers of the theme of the 2015 Milan Expo
What would be the best title for the passage ? What Does Folklore Really Mean ?	'How Do People Keep Up Customs ?
According to what the spokesman said , the school might continue ban	'call off the ban
Through the handwriting lessons , the British students ca n't learn draw pictures	'to write business and personal letters
Maria likes A B	'meeting people
What would be the best title for this passage ? Race Time save Dolphins .	'Volunteers Signing Up for Care of Dolphins .
The man liked the dog . He did a lot except sleeping dog	"""patting the dog 's head"
Which of the following can be the best title for this passage ? Graduates go countryside .	'Job hunting for university graduates .
Which is the best title for the text ? We Share Same Heritage .	'Love from My Great - grandmother .
What can we know about Prostaglandin according to the passage ? It sometimes good sometimes bad .	'It prevents the lining of the stomach and small intestine .
Studies have made it clear that nanoparticles ca n't poisonous animal cells	'exposure to nanoparticles can damage DNA
What message did the police get a few hours ago ? Some thieves would steal Miss Fox 's diamonds .	'Someone would kill Miss Fox .
What is the main purpose of the change ? To make students pay attention learning Chinese .	'To encourage students to learn how to order meals in English .
Why do Philippines wear polka dots ? Because round dots like coins means wealth .	'Because the polka dots are very popular in the culture .
Which of the following does Lloyd Thacker probably agree with ? There little relationship colleges ' rank quality education .	'Colleges are supposed to admit more and more students .
From what Vicky Redwood said , we can infer that getting enough breaks work may cause workers less productive	"""employees ' extra five days of work will certainly boost the output of the economy by about two percent ."
According to the text , the Mammal Center history 40 years	'has saved ten thousand animals so far
How do you travel around the world in a day according to the passage ? By making use Internet	'By taking the time shuttle .
What did not happen when the typhoon came ? The snowstorm came .	'The winds were terribly strong .
What is the author 's purpose in writing this passage ? To introduce humans travel time science fiction .	"'To arouse the heated topic of time travel among readers .', ""To introduce the author 's knowledge of time travel to the readers ."
Which statement is TRUE according to the passage ? The Education Henry Adams non - fiction book .	"'Because the five books are from a century or so ago ', "" they ca n't teach and inspire us ."
What 's the best title   for the passage ? Reasons riding bikes	'Cheap bikes
Some schools are called green schools because built recycled materials	'they are painted green
Ghadi may agree that smart phones might turn person workaholic	'employees are supposed to be on call 24 hours a day
It can be inferred that a Korean studying in the US is likely to use picture face Facebook	'change his profile photos from time to time
Which of the following statements would the writer agree to ? If want apply job , ca n't use funny e - mail address writing e - mails .	"'As time goes by ', ' many people prefer to use traditional regular mail again .', ""It 's fun to meet a stranger that you have spoken to online ."
What Miss Baker really meant was that wanted park car usual place	'she wanted to take the place of the girl
How did Bob realize that his job was actually very important ? People safe storm weather report .	'He got better pay after he did the weather report .
Why is the high school diploma losing its value quickly ? Because graduation tests easier .	'Because the number of high school students is growing fast .
Exchange of goods became difficult because goods fixed exchange values appeared market .	'there was not a marketplace for farmers and smiths to exchange their goods
Which of the following is true ? Everyone needs friends .	'No one needs friends .
What does the passage mainly tell us ? The risk popular banana shows need grow kinds .	"""Bananas are the world 's most important food crops ."
The poem expresses the idea that the author enjoys music music comfort heart	'likes to fly in the air with the sound of music
Bananas are threatened by disease because genetic weaknesses disease	'they grow from seeds
"Why did the Chinese girl say""No""when she was praised ? Because thought modest ."	'Because she thought she should be proud .
The text mainly talks about beginnings birthdays	'the ways of making cakes
The passage makes you think that language stay time	'all the words are borrowed from other languages
What do we know about Dr. Mia Hashibe and her research ? She based research several earlier studies .	'She knew for sure how coffee may affect drinkers .
The stone chip is thought to be the most important tool because it important development mankind	'led to the invention of machines in the early time
The writer tells us her experience as a volunteer to show volunteer face difficulties bravely	"""explain that being a volunteer in a strange country is n't a good idea"
Which of the following is the best title ? Mandarin speaks growing audience America	'Chinese - language programs
How does Helen 's father know the truth ? A man tells .	'Helen tells him about it .
What 's the purpose of the Summit ? strengthen global economic growth helping poor African countries .	'To help some African president to strengthen their economic growth .
What is Turin 's book based on ? His personal experience Nepal .	'The documents available at Yale .
Why is it difficult to tell whether a child is a boy or a girl in western countries ? A B	'Because many boys and girls are wearing the same kinds of clothes 
The main idea of the passage is that The diner traditional , popular place eat United States	'Samuel Johns built the first diner big enough to allow the customers to come inside
When his father was in London , Harry could n't even find bus stop	'Harry had to stay at home
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To present Anderson 's unconventional ideas .	"'To advise on the educational use of TV .', ""To describe TV 's harmful effects on children ."
In what way is work sharing different from job sharing ? Work sharing aimed creating jobs .	'Work sharing requires more working hours .
According to Rajeev Takyar , sending Valentine 's Day cards helps develop children 's social skills	"""banning Valentine 's Day cards will benefit children"
Why did people return a wallet with a photograph of a cute baby in it ? Because sight baby could cause caring feeling .	'Because the wallet was not attractive enough to keep .
According to Hall , people unaware personal space affects communication	'personal space in social interaction is used quite regularly
Which is the best title for the passage ? Life Struggle	'The Old Man and the Butterfly
It can be inferred from the text that Lincoln busy time n't much time prepare speech	"'Lincoln had prepared his speech very carefully before he went to Gettysburg', ""Lincoln 's speech seemed to be a failure for the first time"
How can a longterm unemployed save his welfare benefit at least ? They work least thirty hours week four weeks .	'They could be introduced to work in some foreign countries .
Critical thinking is important to us because if we do not think critically , might controlled people 's ideas	'it will be hard for us to think naturally and fast
At the beginning of the story Mo felt sick most probably because worried would fail physics exam	'Terry was looking at her form the front of the line
What can we learn from the passage ? We protect earth .	"""We should n't catch fish ."
What can we learn from the text ? The film Skyfall released later planned .	'It is the first time that Daniel Craig has played Bond .
Which is NOT TRUE in the story ? The teacher often said much Jenny .	'The teacher opened the world of books for Jenny .
One way suggested by the writer to increase our active vocabulary is that we should keep well touch recognition words keep using knowing pronunciation meaning .	'look up a dictionary for more new words and keep them in our note
This article mainly tells us reasons children happier brothers sisters .	"""why the families do n't want to have more than one child ."
which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? As many passed , Mr Hawken still kept lifestyle .	'Mr Hawken wants to get a lot of money by divorcing
"What do you think the expression "" Think twice before eating those dropped crumbs off your computer keyboard "" stands for ? Do n't eat foods dropped onto computer keyboard ."	"'Think several times before eating beside your computer', ""Do n't drop foods onto the computer keyboard ."
How you feel after your nap is connected with length sleep	'the way of sleep
It can be inferred from the passage that protection space radiation easy job	'the Apollo mission was very successful
Who are sisters ?      Nora Kate .	'Nora and Betty .
Catherine pays taxes for Tom because Tom dog	'Tom is her child
Why is the Kermadec Ocean Sanctuary important in biodiversity ? It many different kinds sea animals .	'Its environment is suitable for the growth of marine life .
We can infer from the passage that Many parents leave babies TV things	'Educational and non - educational TV have different effects on babies
Which of the following is considered a good teacher by the writer ? A strict teacher .	'A patient teacher .
What is the length of the modern marathon ? 42 km .	'100 km .
"It can be concluded from the passage that""Patty Poem""leads the writer to discover power poetry"	'recognize her love for puzzles
It can be inferred from the passage that viewers criticized racism described film	'the director makes full use of hi - tech to create the virtual world in the film
It can be inferred from the passage that koala bear care demanding	'koala bears tend to live in groups
What can we learn about Amelia Atwater - Rhodes ? Reading widely helped lot career .	'She found getting a book published was easy .
According to the passage the preference test was conducted in order to find role taste preference plays person 's drinking	"""show that a person 's opinion about taste is mere guess - work"
"What are "" atoms "" understood by the computer system ? Events becoming characters ."	'The tensions preset for the story .
After graduation , Elizabethfound that      . people willing go woman doctor	'she must organize a new hospital and medical college for women
What is Sir Edmund Hillary best known for ? He first reach top Mount Everest .	'He went to Antarctica many times .
How can you save money if you visit Disney World according to the passage ? By carrying enough food drinks .	'By staying outside the resort for a week or two .
The whole passage tells us things Mayday	'why Mayday has got popular
Planes can not fly very high because air becomes thinner	'people will be afraid if the planes fly too high
Which of the following is TRUE of Tulip Time Festival ? It start fireworks first day .	'It is the largest flower festival in the world .
Critics of the plan argued that would waste money	"'the theatres would be overcrowded', ""pensioners would n't get free tickets"
What is the purpose of the passage ? To introduce new phenomenon .	"'To teach a new word "" teenager "" ."
What 's the writer 's purpose of writing the passage ? To share personal experience .	'To tell readers a story about ants .
People will remember Morris Michtom because he was    inventor teddy bear	'a toy store owner
According to the passage , the experiment shows that curved glasses mislead people 's judgment	'people differ greatly when judging the same glass
"The best title of the passage may be ""   Best Friends"	'The Teddy Bear
Justin Halberda and his colleagues ran some tests to see person 's inborn number sense something math learning	"""look at the students ' math scores dating back to kindergarten ."
Many studies have shown that seat belts can save lives of those who wearing seat belts accidents happen	'never wear seat belts
Which of the following statements would Nathan Pelletier agree to ? Eating pork chicken environmentally friendly .	'Meat consumption is the main cause of greenhouse gases .
According to the passage , music could make students smarter by improving classroom skills imagination	'improving their classroom skills and paying attention
""" Mission - critical "" work was given to Cameron because Cameron 's work error - free"	'Cameron was critical
The purpose of writing this passage is to show try help people whenever wherever possible	'our phone must have extra loads
What do we learn from the passage ? Before Polynesians arrived South America , Inca people lived .	'European explorers and their chickens were the first to sail to South America .
According to the passage , human beings make social environment change natural environment	'are the victims of the environment
Where did Tyler work as the leader of a research center for over 10 years ? Stanford University .	'The University of Chicago .
According to the passage which of the following statements is TRUE ? Mark always papers .	"""Students did not care others ' comments ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The darker , melatonin produced .	"'The lighter it is ', ' the more melatonin will be produced .', 'The more melatonin you have ', "" the worse you 'll sleep ."
The best title for this passage may be Plants around us	'Food from Plants
The assistant 's job that evening was to sell papers 8 o'clock	'count the money taken that day
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? With computer used daily lives , things easier .	'One day the computer will completely replace humans .
In Obama 's speech , he stressed model encouragement Sally	"""Sally 's interest in space travel"
Which of the following statements is true ? Many people world n't seen snow .	'Every country in the world has snow in winter .
What is a problem with cyberschools ? It hard know students ' progress learning .	'They get little support from the state government .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Health experts say children must good breakfast .	'Eating snacks is good for your health .
You should drink enough water every day because body loses lot water every day	'your body needs too much water
Which is NOT true if people follow the right ways to do yoga ? You feel different practising .	'In the class you will practise some positions .
What is the immediate cause of the downfall of America 's public relations ? Other countries increased efforts public relations .	'The number of US public relations agencies had greatly decreased by 1991 .
The example of Monet and Picasso are mentioned in the passage to indicate that works , painted wall , might kept long	'they are good at graffiti
What do Chen Huanlu and Zhou Yuxiang have in common ? They took part SAT subject tests Hong Kong .	'They are both students of Senior 2 .
Which of the following is NOT the way Arabian babblers drive off predators ? They fight enemy bravely face face .	'One bird makes an alarm call and other birds will join it
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Cao Min children experienced terrible accident .	"'"" Liaoludu 7 "" with all passengers on board were saved ."
We can learn from the passage that photo - pigment tells people day night	'the blue light has a calming effect .
What is the purpose of the author in writing the passage ? To tell us ways improve reading ability .	'To teach us how to look for fun in reading .
According to the passage , fungi useful humans environment	'fungi can move everywhere by themselves
Which sentence is right ? Oranges belong second kind food	'People should eat ice - cream every day
Anna introduced the idea of drinking afternoon tea because she found people felt hungry long wait two meals	'loved tea and beautiful china tea cups
We can learn from the text that China largest number dollar billionaires Asia	'many people have promised to donate money at dinner
The United States Department of Agriculture suggests that eating plenty fruits vegetables good helping fight disease .	'eating plenty of fruits and vegetables every day instead of having food .
Why do n't developing countries have strict pollution controls ? If put stricter controls industry , fewer companies would build new plants developing countries .	'The new industries they want to introduce do not cause much pollution .
We can learn from the passage that chocolate was drink enjoyed rich old times	'served with a drink in old times
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Those spend money others get much bonus .	'People usually think spending money on themselves will make them happier .
We can infer that people always desire possessions .	'people have no time to play with their children .
The article is intended to inform readers history benefits mobile phones	'warn people of the possible risks in using mobile phones
According to the passage , short - sightedness may have something to do with the following except obesity	'exposure to natural light
What can we learn from the first study ? The participants divided three groups .	"'Half the participants judged right by the body alone .', ""The participants could n't judge by the face alone ."
What is the correct understanding of friends according to the writer ? Friends different people around us .	'Friends who share our happiness are not real friends .
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Laughter social response shared creatures .	'Laughter depends on many senses .
What would be the best title for this passage ? The Benefits Yoga	"""What 's Yoga ?"
Which of the following is true ? Some baseball players become famous match time .	'Americans enjoy baseball the best .
What can we learn from the passage ? It 's easy kid .	'Being a kid is fun .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Ma Yun 's Crazy Success	"""Ma Yun 's Personal Life"
We know from the passage that the little boy n't really want mother attend meeting first	"""was n't moved by what her mother said"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the story ? What daughter recently worried mother .	"'The girl knew her mother would ask her the question about the boy .', ""The mother was eager to read her daughter 's diary the next day ."
Why does Helen feel happy when she sees father come in ? She go home .	'Father can pay for the dress .
What can be inferred from the passage ? Fans may raise noise levels cheer teams .	'Brazil will win because of its strong ability .
After talking with Carl , the author realized that age necessarily problem heart - - heart communication	'older people were nice to talk to
Which of the following not true ? Antioxidants help free radicals attack plants	'Antioxidants are responsible for plant colors
What can be the best title of this passage ?     Music manners	'Music lovers
Which statement is WRONG according to the passage ? The ants n't die one one tunnels destroyed .	'The writer knocked the glass box over because he put his face so close to the glass farm .
The task of Project BudBurst is to collect information common plants	'grow more plants to improve the climate
What might be talked about if the passage is continued ? Listing government wasting taxes .	"""The government 's taking some steps to stop wasting taxes ."
According to Jean Clottes , some of the visitors to the area have taken bits rock home	'helped to clean the drawings
Which of the following makes robots more popular in Japan ? Cartoon 's showing good relationship robots humans .	'The low price of robots .
What 's the best title of the passage ? The blueprints TitanicII	'The unsinkable TitanicII
From the story we know that Sally never professional player	'had been a professional baseball player
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? People 's traditional concepts jobs need changing .	'More women than men are in the work force .
It can be learned from the passage that many people n't tend get back refund though goods quality poor	"'people have run into debts mainly because of their Internet shopping addiction', ""avoiding been noticed by the public entirely leads to Serena 's shopping addiction"
The text is mainly about animals symbiotic relationship	'some dangerous animals
What should NOT you do to make your dream come true ? Watch TV get better exam points .	'Always remember what your dream is .
What cups did the teacher give to his students ? Different kinds cups .	'All china cups .
The text is mainly about future computer	'what quantum computing is
Tu 's winning tells us that A scientist devote scientific research matter kind background comes .	"'There would be a Chinese national awarded the Nobel Prize', ""We 'd better have a name came from the Classic of Poetry"
""" Sick buildings "" means buildings make people feel sick"	'very old buildings
Which of the gifts is designed mainly for girls ? Sparrow - kids Routemaster Kit	'Holz Wooden Airport .
From what Suzannah Lipscomb told Sky News , we can infer in Britain     monarch prince usually names middle ordinary people .	"""George itself ca n't be simplified in any obvious offensive way ."
The example of a woman talking on the phone in the car supports the idea that cell phones necessarily bring people together	'women Use cell phones more often than men
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Air pollution cause soil erosion water pollution .	"'Pollution hardly does harm to humans .', ""China does n't want to develop alternative energy ."
Leonardo O'Grady thinks that Coca - Cola Hug Machine spread happiness	'the Coca - Cola Hug Machine is the best advertisement
This passage mainly tells us that     Forgiveness    also kind love .	'Kids should love their father .
Joe loves top brand products because he thinks top brand means high quality	"""top brands ' advertisements are fun"
What 's the writer 's opinion about hobbies ? People hobbies spare time .	'People all over the world have the same hobby .
Why did Royce tell Bill to leave ? It dangerous Bill save Royce .	'Royce was injured badly .
The writer thinks that people seem to need a sense of important	'what to read first
This article is mainly about The introduction match Lee AlphaGo	'The differences between playing chess and Go
The monkey goes bridge tiger	'knows there is another tiger
What can we learn from the passage ? The way run landing front middle foot could avoid damaging heel .	'We should start running barefoot in no time .
The main idea of the passage can be summarized as slow food important	"'the food and wine culture is rich in Italy', ""what you 're eating always travels a long way"
According to the new character model , personal behavior could be altered through techniques provide different physical cues .	'cues to change all the former unconscious habits .
What was n't included in the writer 's second time plan ? The things n't .	'The things she could do if she had time .
Which of the following can be the best title for this passage ? Kilimanjaro Snow Cap May Melt Soon	'Risks of Visiting Mount Kilimanjaro
"The "" party "" had been going on for about an hour and three quarters when author realized would go home hungry"	'the hostess decided to feed her guests
Which of the following would you most probably read if you want to get information from the world 's most popular newspapers ? The Guardian Weekly & The Week	'Apollo & The Week
When the writer saw the gun pointing against the car window , lost power thinking	'she felt very annoyed
Which of the following movie production companies is the most successful in the US and Canadian markets ? Paramount Pictures .	'Universal Studios .
The purpose of the government valuing the early childhood education is get children prepared kindergarten	"""to develop the children 's communication"
It can be inferred from the passage that only children 's parents should set good examples children	'find a support group for their only children
Which of the following is not true ? Every one identity card culture .	'Every society has its own culture .
Which of the following would be the most suitable title for the passage ? Brain chemical may play key role anxiety	'Anxious rats and relaxed rats
The story of Rose in the text shows that never late possibly .	'it is good for old people to have friendship .
What does the author realize at Mount Rushmore ? He pursue specific aim life .	'His father is interested in sculpture
What 's the author 's opinion about beauty ? It person 's heart inner qualities important rather physical beauty .	"""The author does n't like the beauties our society values ."
The aim of this text would probably be introduce way improve early children reading	"'to overcome primary school pupils reading difficulty .', ""to encourage the publication of more children 's books"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The writer 's father attended high school graduation ceremony .	"""The writer 's father was in the hospital during her operation ."
What causes tremors and quakes according to the passage ? The effect gravitational tug sun moon Earth 's crust .	'The formation of the Earth 
As a museum , the Rubens House is popular because Rubens , great artist , lived worked	'it lies in the famous city of Antwerp
The reason why boys perform worse in most national exams than girls is that women teachers keep lower expectations boys .	'girls are cleverer than boys in primary schools .
Why has Angel written to Dr Jackson ? Because parents ca n't understand .	"'Because her parents make her happy .', ""Because her friends do n't like her parents ."
Which is right about dreams ? They may marker brain working problem .	'They are a sign that parts of the brain is unconscious .
What can be concluded as the writer 's attitude towards fireworks ? Fireworks banned replaced means .	'It is not allowed to set off fireworks except during the holidays .
By telling Mr. Doug Copp 's rescue experiences , the writer tried to make people accept advice	'teach people how to avoid loss of life
From the fourth piece of news we know that scientists n't succeeded experiment	'the scientists have successfully got six female penguins into breeding .
How can high - tech fabrics protect people from danger ? A soft helmet become strong hit something .	'We will no more get hurt because of heavy batteries .
When you see a blue flag , you know that    children swim	'everyone can swim
The text is mainly about dreams ' symbolism	'high school dreams
In the eighth grade , what the author did before developing proper social behavior was to share poems stories friend	"""go to her friend 's house regularly"
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the news report ? So far , China confirmed 14 deaths H7N9 bird flu	'H7N9 bird flu has killed four people in Shanghai and one in Zhejiang .
Why does Chase 's teacher ask her students to write down some names on paper ? Because wants find lonely children .	'Because She is looking for the popular student .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Sun Jing n't mind game shows .	"""Kobe Bryant is Liu Hui 's favorite player ."
Which is true according to the passage ? Wan Hu , Chinese stargazer(n . , , ) , dead huge bang lot smoke .	"'According to a survey ', ' two thirds of the nation are hoping to see the launch live on TV ', '', ""The internet users have drawn some 5000 pictures of ' Chang'e ' ."
The passage shows that cold surface kind heart daughter .	'Mother was too serious about her daughter in words .
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? The Apple Watch n't need battery .	'The Apple Watch has a speaker .
"According to the passage , "" disabled people "" refers to "	'those who are physically disabled
Which measure the university took to the first suicide is incorrect ? Handing leaflets student .	"""Conducting checks to find out the students ' depression ."
According to the author , to make real friends , you should spend time together fully understand	'go on many holidays to meet new people
Which of the following is TRUE ? Tom eats fruits vegetables garden .	"""Tom does n't plant orange trees in his garden ."
The professor argues about size class	'the period of the class
The reason why Shaun was transferred to the University Hospital of Wales was that    expected get better treallment hospital	'there were no doctors available at his local hospital
A student from Japan who has been staying in England for a year and intends to go to college in a few months will get money LEA finished course	'get money if he is taking a first degree course
Why did Melvin donate to Cooper University Hospital ? He thankful Cooper University Hospital .	'He was a doctor in Cooper University Hospital .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Residential heating emissions cause two thirds air pollution - related deaths worldwide .	'7 million deaths occur annually due to air pollution .
When can a visitor see the Changing of the Guard ceremony ? Every morning .	"""When the Queen 's flag is flying ."
What would be the best title for this passage ? Canadian man completes 11-year round - - world walk .	'Beliveau 
Susan failed to renew her license the first time in Maryland because insisted signing	'she was forbidden to drive by Maryland law
39 . Which of the following statements is WRONG ? In Canada 80 similar satellite programs .	'These students will have an opportunity to learn more about engineering through the project .
What can we know from the passage ? Caronite charges backing photos hard drive .	'Scanning photos takes little time but costs a lot .
The submarine will be sent deep into the Indian Ocean on Monday to see signals detected target black boxes	'create a sonar trap of the area
According to the passage , most people     longing get love family friends	'have a dependable way to create love in their lives
From what Gary Kowalski says , we can know that he favor idea cloning pets	'has never thought about the problem of cloning
The writer mainly intends to call us love parents	'teach us what a crow is
The writer writes the passage to introduce two TV series us	'explain why there are so many TV series
What is the best title for the passage ? A New - type School	'A New City
It can be inferred that could unknown dangers genetic foods	'growing genetic foods will make farmers richer
Mr. David put a notice on the window in order drive visitors away	'to satisfy the visitors curiosity
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Insects could live island without plants .	'Spiders were the first life that could live on the island .
Which of the following is not true ? The worlds bright .	"""The earth is one of sun 's worlds"
Jake 's parents did n't know that he was missing until    reached foot mountain	'they began to ski down the mountain
Some economists believe women earn less than men partly because women less experienced men	'women are only provided with low - paying jobs
We know that Plant World Garden Centre rare foreign plants	'owns plants from five countries
We can infer from the passage that in the end the writer built effective strategies cope disability	'responded to his blindness by withdrawing from life
"What does the writer mean by writing "" where 's our own Harry Potter "" ? Our authors hoped make market books children take"	'We are short of books for children
According to the passage , which of the following statements is true ? Try start conversation asking light .	'Whenever you feel like a cigarette 
What do the three persons mentioned in the passage have m common ? They determined carrying ideas .	"""They were good at answering other people 's silly questions ."
Which sentence is wrong ? WeiFang six English lessons every day .	'WeiFang is in No.52 Middle School .
Whose presence at the homecoming party can make others amazed ? Students study hardest .	'The king and the queen acted by students .
One machine can do as much work as 40 people	'40 % of the people
What kind of planet might NOT support life ? Most planets stars .	'Stars similar to our sun .
What is the passage mainly talking about ? Oil spills pollution .	'What oil pollution is .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the dialogue ? Ben surprised see Judy beach .	'Paul comes to the beach in the end .
The passage will most probably be followed by     . teachers educate kids human values	'how to share your own moral dilemmas with children
What can be learned from the passage ? Hair growth much nutrition health .	'Hair grows no more after the Telogen period .
What if reindeer in the Tsaatan community have died out according to the passage ?   Local people lose economic resource .	'The Tsaatan community will have to move to another place .
Chopin became famous since played well concert	"""Because he was a student of Liszt 's"
The writer holds the view that effects visual media make world changed greatly	'people may take no notice of the effects of the visual media
What is the message of the story ? Self - confidence matters problem - solving .	'A mad man can save a bankrupt company .
Which of the following is NOT right ? Children like going beaches see lots new things .	'Children like summer vacation best .
This passage is most probably written to encourage young people join programme	'invite more famous writers to visit ywp.nanowrimo.org .
What 's the greatest support for teenagers ? The support parents .	'The support of their friends .
The hitchhiker left the bag with a gun in it behind because n't expected young woman would leave behind rain	'he wanted to give the young woman a warning
What is the hypothesis of the research in this text ? Emotional expressions affect human eyes collect focus light .	'Changes of human eyes lead to different emotional expressions .
What can we learn about RES from the text ? It plays leading role wind sector .	"""It built the UK 's first wind farm in 2001 ."
We may know that if we make good use of the ' inner clock ' , strength work .	'human beings will need less sleep 
Routine cancer screening for the elderly people makes sense because greater danger tumor growth	'it is part of their health care package
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? Potential Harm UGG Boots	'The Popularity of UGG Boots
Which would be the best title for this passage ? Little things still mean lot	'The loss of an important receipt
We can learn from the passage that Sandy reached strongest Caribbean Sea .	'Sandy caused 253 deaths totally in the USA .
What did Hallie do after her parents left ? She made shop attractive .	'She advertised for the shop .
"The text is written mainly to throw light charm movie "" 
 Gone Wind """	'introduce how the film was directed and filmed
The teacher 's job is to teach students methods learning	'everything the students want to know
Insurance means 	'Protection against the losses from the storms
We can know that colors lived peace last	'rain was the ruler of the colors
Why does the author mention India and China in particular ? Their self - sufficiency vital stability world food markets .	'Their food yields have begun to decrease sharply in recent years .
Which of the following is true ? The horse belonged driver .	'The horse knew that it had done wrong .
Which of the following is the main idea of the passage ? 98-year - old woman becomes first woman ever earn judo 's highest - degree black belt .	'The only surviving student of Kano Jiguro remains single .
Mall rats usually spend lots time malls	'shop after visiting lots of stores
Which of the following is right according to the passage ? Waitresses red make difference female customers .	'Bright color can increase the physical and sexual attractiveness of women .
The author took the Rubik 's Cube apart because could n't work solve	'he wanted to learn how to rebuild it
What can we infer from the passage ? Humans perceive need without involving high - level thinking processes	'An experiment with hungry and non - hungry participants is not reliable .
What was Jerry really afraid in the emergency room ? He might saved doctors nurses .	'The doctors and nurses gave him up .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The old woman decorated house flowers .	'The woman preferred the perfect pot to the cracked pot .
Which of the following is TRUE ? San Francisco population 750,000 1987 .	'The Golden Gate is the longest bridge in the world .
Which of the following is TRUEaccording to the passage ? The medals 2008 Olympic Games first kind history	'The medals for the 2008 Olympic Games must be more valuable than those for other Olympic Games .
What 's Hawaii famous for ? The beautiful beaches .	'the tourists to the island .
Guiyu city in Southeastern China is mentioned here to show us people find   scientific   thorough way   recycle	'there is an ideal place in the world for e - waste
Which of the following is Mumme 's conclusion ? One - year - olds emotionally influenced TV programs .	'Small babies should not be allowed to watch television programs .
From the passage we can learn that Mr. White many friends Beijing	'Mr. White is going to China next week
What do people do on Home Movie Day ? They share home movies others	'They watch old movies at home
The key to effective reading is motivated read	'to read millions of books
The success of the film Girl Interrupted n't make content	"""did n't bring Jolie any fame"
New English words are needed because new ideas new inventions come quickly	'people use old words in a new way
It can be inferred that young mothers would try to keep their children away from the old because n't want children anything old	"'they feared their children might hurt the old', ""they did n't like their children to take up the space belonging to the old"
The writer   believes his father is a hero because ordinary things wants families .	"""his father saved people 's lives"
What is the primary contributing factor to the conflict between conservationists and fishermen ? The exploitation islands .	"'The dismissal of the previous director of the Galapagos National Park .', ""The government 's support of Galapagos Conservation Trust ."
What can we learn from the passage ? Fewer women worked outside home past .	'Not all the children respect their parents .
Which of the following about train - spotters is true according to the passage ? They keep careful path every train .	'They number each train they see .
The interactive systems enable the user to operate home - security systems place	"'improve his home environment remotely', ""lock his house 's door while he is miles away"
What made Ben Rogers eagerly gave up his apple and offer to brush the fence for Tom ? His curiosity Tom 's brushing job .	"""Tom 's threat ."
What does the passage mainly talk about ? A new fun sports game -- cycle ball	'The differences between cycle ball and soccer .
The Brooklyn Bridge is first suspension bridge Manhattan Island Brooklyn	'the first suspended railway bridge in the USA
The main purpose of ISP is to equip new immigrants skills needed	'help new immigrants set up a home away from home
What happened to the volunteers during the experiment on a full moon ? Their brains active	'They slept for about five minutes longer .
"The""instant coffee""probably means coffee made quickly use"	'expensive coffee
Which of the following has been on for the longest time ? Apollo Moon .	'As We Grow : Traditions 
Hybrid cars consume less energy than conventional cars because hybrid cars electric power assist needed	'have large engines to deal with accelerating
If you want to send some invitations to your daughter 's classmates , where will you search for the information ? At Birthdays .	'At Christmas .
According to the passage , the single - sex education may increase risk divorce men later life	"'comprises a wide range of schools', ""has a close link with women 's marriage"
How did the author deal with the possible distance with Allie when Allie was in middle school ? She would visit Allie school take	'She would read novels with Allie
Which of the following may be the best title of the passage ? School counsellors	"'School problems', ""Students ' problems"
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Some ways communicate parents .	"'We should respect our parents .', ""It 's important to trust our parents ."
The author feels disappointed when the students hand in their plans because    students ' ideas lacking creativeness .	"""there 's one group presenting a catering service ."
When in the summer , we should do close windows days open night	'open the windows on days and close them at night
According to researchers at the University of Cambridge , People 's music preferences deep connections social lives	"""Children do n't like the songs that their parents like because they are too hard to understand ."
It can be inferred from the passage that movie music composers beginning .	'the Edison Company had its own orchestras .
According to the passage , which statement is right ? Xing Hui Hao Hao come back China 2029 .	'Xing Hui and Hao Hao will live in the city centre of Brussels .
"The section "" Tempo "" in The Chicago Tribune mainly discusses lifestyle choices"	"""experts ' opinions on life"
"What did Conover find after the first five years of his experiment ? The "" keep big ones "" rule made fish smaller average ."	"'The "" keep the big ones "" rule made no difference to fish size ."
Which is TRUE about Kleine - Levin Syndrome according to the passage ? The victims usually sleep days weeks time .	'There are usually many warning signs before it attacks the victims .
We can infer from the passage that man 35 n't stand chance becoming FBI agent	'the FBI agents work as assistants of local police forces
What can we learn about the Zapps ' car ? It never run faster 4Omph .	'The family sleep in it during the night .
In Jobs 's speech in Stanford , we can learn that face death , nothing truly important except follow dream	'to make great achievements 
One of the two ways the writer suggests for us to get along with others is to pay attention strong points	'enjoy the best share of everything
What is the best title of this passage ? Selfies , hottest word 2013	'Selfies and narcissism
What will you most probably remember if you have exchanged your home with another ? A gathering neighborhood .	'The car or boat of the home owner .
What is the greatest contribution made by Clara Barton ? She set American Red Cross .	'She collected supplies for the army .
What can be inferred from the passage ? More money paid live host families city center .	'Learning languages at school is much better than that in homestays .
The best title for this passage is The surprise 441st birthday Shakespeare	'Birthdays often involve surprises
According to analyses and scientific studies , a swimming pool n't people think wasteful water	'becomes more efficient against drought
The main purpose of the text is to give advice school - age children 's safety	'talk about school safety
By the first sentence of the passage the writer means that money spent advertising worth	'he is fairly familiar with the cost of advertising
Which one is not the benefit of selling lemonade or cookies for children ? To repeated customers .	'To learn how to run a business .
After his first week at school , the author gradually adjusted new school	'found high school not so challenging as he had imagined
Which of the following statements is true according to the text ? Now conditions ask people use less time know information .	'Now people can read what they like .
When enjoying IP service, Jitong users need n't buy IP cards	"""China Telecom users need n't buy new IP cards"
Which of the following about the earlier card is TRUE ? It used someone stolen .	"'Its owner can change the ID code at will .', ""Its user need n't key in the credit card number ."
Which statement is right according to the passage ? Schools encourage students take part sports .	'Cheating is strictly banned ( . only in American high schools .
The writer intends us to believe that women hard please	'husbands are hard to shop
What do we know about Olivetti ? It five independent companies	"'It produced the best typewriter in the world .', ""It designed the world 's first mainframe computer ."
What can we infer from the passage ? America 's college education worse .	'America has the largest number of college students .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? The Erie Canal connected Lake Erie Hudson River .	'Economists are of the opinion that places where farming is done are good for making raw materials into finished goods .
Noah McCullough worked for the White House support George W. Bush presidential campaign	'to be a volunteer in the presidential campaign
Which of the following statements is true ? Many measures taken stop dollars falling ..	"'The dollar will continuously rise ', ' especially against the Japanese yen and the euro .', ""Some government officials ' comments made the dollars rising a lot .."
"Which of the following is TRUE about motels ? The word "" motel "" formed two words ."	'You can only find motels in the big National Parks .
The best title of the article is Change best	'The freestyle swimming
With a smartphone the average UK working day is 11 12 hours	'2 hours
If your friend is interested in painting , he may join Kids Art Club	'Heart Painting Club
The purpose of the writing is recommend book	'to persuade people to play poker
By using computers as an example , the author wants to prove products latest design flood market	'advanced products meet the needs of people
The purpose of the author 's starting Hives for Lives is NOT for improving life	'honoring his grandfather
Which of the following is NOT true according to this passage ? Ecobot II turn flies energy completely .	'Robots need to work in places that have no sockets for power .
The best title of the article is Recycling Switzerland	'One of the Cleanest Countries in the World
According to this passage most people worry about shopping on the Internet because fraud Internet happens often	'a great number of stolen credit - cards are sold on the Internet every day
"The quotation "" the odds were all on Nathan 's side "" means that Nathan greater chance winning challenge"	'Tim would not try very hard in the race
On hearing the teacher 's suggestion of reading , the writer thought one must read many books possible	'it was impossible for one to read two thousand books
Which one is NOT true according to the passage ? We understood words DNA map .	"'We look like our parents because of "" genes "" in our body ."
We can learn from the experiment that children different self - control	"'all children tried to ring the bell for more candies', ""some children did n't get any candy in the end"
What does the passage mainly tell us ? Group buying South Africa	'The history of group buying
Which of the following is NOT true ? Shakespeare wrote many eleven plays life .	'Shakespeare wrote not only plays but also poems .
What is the writer 's purpose of writing this passage ? To set us thinking makes people brave .	'To call on us to learn from such people as Hawkinson .
Under a computerized system , all of the following would be possible except that much easier pass examination	"'different exams can be taken in the same room', ""one does n't need to rush to the registration officer for taking an exam"
What 's the best title for the passage ? Making Holiday Gifts Yourself	'Making Friends by Giving Gifts
It 's implied from Professor Gray 's words that giving children freedom beneficial mental development	'parents should always be around their children to protect them from risks
It can be inferred that many newcomers universities nervous .	"""it 's unnecessary to know about British social manners on your first arrival ."
How should we save energy according to the author ? Use LED lights .	'Turn off the lights .
The purpose of this passage is to show importance surrounding goals .	"'explain the difference between the two goals .', ""tell us how to set and achieve one 's goals ."
The text is mainly written for parents	'online students
Why did the young man return to the match on Saturday ? He hoped dead father could proud performance .	'He thought he was much better than other players in his team .
Diary of a Do - It - Yourself Book is different from other books because you can write stories book	'ask the author questions
What can be inferred from the text ? It takes lot effort meet water needs .	'All water shortages are due to human behavior .
What is so surprising about aphasics ? They tell whether people lying .	'They can fool other people .
What does the author think about the relationship between a new thought and its being put into practice ? One may come new thought , put practice .	"""It 's more difficult to create a new thought than to use it in practice ."
Who is Panda ? A toy animal	"""Jake 's brother"
When the committee went out to make a decision , Adams could hardly wait show joy .	'felt sorry for Theo and tried to cheer him up .
Why did the number of big predators begin to fall quickly in 1970 ? Fishing ships began using new tools could catch fish .	'There were fewer smaller fish than before .
What is the passage mainly concerned with ? Readers go way choosing books .	'E - books will dominate the book industry eventually .
What is the purpose of this passage ? To advertise hotel Madrid .	'To introduce the sights of Madrid .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? There horrible virus movie Independence Day .	"'The movie Star Wars is about the light beams in space .', ""The author does n't take the science in movies seriously ."
Which statement is NOT TRUE according to the author? It 1920 Games Antwerp ( Belgium ) , first time , participants came five continents .	"""The flag reinforces the idea of the Olympic Movement 's universality"
Wang Yue paints the tree hole paintings to . make ugly tree holes beautiful	'make ads for her paintings
What 's the best title of the passage ? Determined father son	'A thrilling football match
The best title for this passage may probably be Secrets Rainforests	'Studies of the Amazon
How did the generals finally put an end to the soldiers ' socialising ? They warned soldiers would face severe punishment .	"""They sent the soldiers ' loved ones to prison ."
What is the writer 's attitude toward madness ? A little creative madness good us .	'All the talented people are mad .
in Malmqvist 's opinion , why has n't Chinese literature been widely recognized in the west ? Translation work remains strengthened .	'No Chinese writers have ever won the Nobel Prize .
People tolerate violence and crime because hold mistaken beliefs law - breaking	'their behavior is the same as that of most other people
What does the result of the Warwich University 's test show . Most people would rather fail see others succeed .	"""Two thirds of the people tested did n't love money ."
What did the writer mainly talk about ? Her wonderful trip chocolate factory .	'What kind of chocolate she likes best .
From the passage we can infer single girls bring untrue boyfriend home	"'the user "" 1979xiaozhu "" is a married young man"
What does the text mainly talk about ? The development house cats .	'Different cats in different countries .
What 's the similarity of the 2 experiments ? The subjects divided two groups experiments	'Both use high - level flavones capsules
What does Tony Little think of the British education system ? It fails give boys attention need	'It fails more boys than girls thoroughly
If you join the Evergreen Teen Book Club , you can get one free book cash purchase 3 books	'buy books at cost price
What does the author advise us to do ? To make gift parents .	'To read a book to our parents in their car
A big hole was dug so that people could steal dead rats money	'the rats could come out to attack people at night
Which of the following is the main idea of the passage ? If adults cheat , children cheat .	'Exams are not a good way of testing children .
Which of the following is a slip - up according to the passage ? You ca n't find watch going work .	"""You ca n't work out a math problem in given time ."
What is the passage mainly about ? Foreign language teaching ways America .	'Foreign language teaching in America .
Who is Carl ? Carl Mr. Black 's son .	"""Carl is Mr. Jones ' son ."
What kind of food are good for our health according to the passage ? fruit , vegetables , grain , eggs , milk meat .	'Cream biscuits 
We learn from the 2009 study that hypnosis visible function brain	'does not really work
Why does the news say Angry Birds has become bigger ? Because theme parks named Angry Birds .	'Because the screens of mobile phones and computers have become bigger .
which of the following techniques ca n't help you stress your speech ? Low hand suddenly	'Raise your speaking tone
Which of the following is NOT true ? Neither author mother happy family .	"'The author and her mother love each other ', "" but did n't say it out"
The seems to believe that Asian governments should care growing needs women job .	'let women stay at home and have a baby
Which is NOT true ? John likes cooking .	'John likes playing basketball .
Which might be a suggestion from the researchers of the study ? Patients take cautious attitude CT scans .	'Hospitals should provide more CT scan services .
Why does the author mention Thomas Paine in the passage ? They something make change society .	'Vogt and Thomas Paine live in the same period .
It is quite usual now for a working mother to bring one child	'spend all her time and money on her only child
The author states all the following CXCEPT that development present techniques provide answers today 's problems .	'an increasing number of young scientists are taking a great interest in biological and social sciences .
What 's the main idea ofthe passage ? .Scientists design chips act like human organs .	'It is necessary to test new drugs for safety .
What would be the best title for this passage ? What help save wildlife	'How animals go to extinction
What was the writer 's problem when she first entered the boarding school ? She missed family much .	"""She did n't like her new school ."
So - called self - help books do some good to people high self - respect	'people lacking confidence
We can learn from the text that the writer 's brother warm - hearted young man	'made the turn to help the young man
What is the text mainly about ? The ups downs Melville .	"'The main works of Melville .', ""The skills in Melville 's writing ."
What would be the best title for the passage ? The Brief History Stephen Hawking	'Stephen Hawking and the Universe
Maria does not like shopping on weekends because many people	'the things are expensive
How can women communicate more successfully with men ? They give men feeling talking work .	'They may give men a surprise by buying plane tickets .
Which of the following is the right step to fastening your seat belts ? The shoulder belt never arms .	'The shoulder belt should be close to your shoulder joint .
Why is Niagara Falls called the Honeymoon Capital of the World ? The natural setting , unique history , various activities attractions attract newlyweds .	'More and more newly married couples like it .
What conclusion can we draw after reading this passage ? The hidden part culture great effect people 's communication styles .	'Values and beliefs are like the tip of the iceberg .
More and more people in Britain are buying organic food because consider food free pollution	'they can get the food anywhere
Which of the following sentences is true , according to the passage ? The recycled water much better city tap .	'The high - tech machine will recycle all the water used on the station .
Which of the following is not right according to the passage ? Human beings forever ability stop global warming .	'Climate change will lead to the changes in sea temperature .
What is the subject discussed in the text ? Changing patterns spending .	'Changes in family planning .
We can conclude from the study of the 158 nurses that challenging work may good one 's health	"'people under stress tend to have a poor memory', ""people who ca n't get their job done experience more stress"
What do we know about Patricia 's parents ? They mind store day night .	'They loved Patricia more than her sister .
According to the passage , the writer turned literature seek answers teens	'was forced to read the classics for a PhD
What does this passage mainly talk about ? A general introduction Clara Barton .	"'The history of American Civil War .', ""Clara Barton 's contributions to the US ."
What can be inferred from the passage ? The present hiring practices need improved .	"""Employers do n't need to pay Assured Labour ."
"The "" Bow Street Runners "" stopped people stealing"	'paid people to steal
What does the passage mainly talk about ? .Phoenix , Arizona US experienced huge sandstorm .	'Sandstorms do a great deal of harm to people
"What does "" An apple a day keeps the doctor away . "" mean ? You eat apple every day healthy ."	'The doctor eats an apple every day and he goes away .
What 's the best title   of the story ? The Tiger 's Breakfast	'The Duck
This passage is mainly about thoughts peer pressure	'different types of peer pressure
This passage is mainly to introduce books astronomy	'tell us something important about space
When it was discovered that the cash machine outside a Sainsbury 's store broke down , people queued cash machine benefit fault	'people asked the police to protect the cash machine
From the passage , we can infer that n't think important winner among activities	'they pretended to lose when they could win the games
The writer believed he could make a difference when    boy greeted actively	'a boy let him read books
Which of the verses might be most suitable said to parents , telling them not to spoil their children with wealth ? verse 231	'verse 71
What is talked about in the part of Strategy ? The best visiting route .	'The highest ride in the park .
The writer thinks that for a student to have a part - time job is probably useful future work	'a good way to earn extra money
What was Erica Kenney 's purpose in doing the study ? To find many sugary drinks kids drink school .	'To study if kids drink enough water daily :
According to the passage , which of the following statements about the old people in the United States is true ? Many live social security money hardly enough .	'Many nursing homes are sponsored by religious and nonprofit groups .
It can be inferred that London Paris used separated	'Paris and London are the two biggest cities in the world
"Most of the people will buy a "" good newspaper "" because trust newspapers Internet"	'there are no more printed newspapers
The text is most probably taken from science magazine children 's actions	'a website about relationship between mothers and children
Which of the following is TRUE ? Jason Moore wants volunteer Special House Program	'You should believe young people today often think only of themselves .
What did the man ask his son to do ? To put pieces map world back together .	'To read the magazine to find the map .
"The best title for the article is ""   Help kids form healthy eating habits"	'Eat healthily
According to the author , which of the following statements is WRONG ? If us little , ca n't make difference .	'Being eco - conscious means you should know much about the environment .
What 's the passage mainly about ? Do n't work harder ; work smarter .	"""Students do n't have enough time ."
Which of the following is N0 T based on common sense ? A man tries take charge everything large company .	'A student goes out with an umbrella in stormy weather .
Why do many people get to work late in Colombia ? They n't want get crowded buses .	'They always think the next bus will be better .
Which is the most effective way to concentrate on your food when dining ? Blindfolding eyes .	'Playing computer games .
Which statement is Not True according to the passage ? Computers Internet important happy family .	'A home is a place where you are willing to stay .
The main purpose of the passage is to explain the possible reason why residents poorer nations enjoy greater meaning life	'greater life satisfaction leads to lower sense of meaning
What might be the purpose in writing the text ? To tell us story Noah .	'To show the problems of foster parents .
Which of the following is TRUE about the research ? It joint one conducted Salt Lake City Italian university .	'It shows that DNA is passed from parents to daughters .
Who did n't work hard to help England to hold the Football World Cup 2018 ? Sepp Blatter .	'David Beckham .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the article ? Nature name article written recently scientists .	'Scientists know when an El Nino appears by means of the computer program .
The passage mainly tells us about English spend leisure time	"""why the English do n't like social activities"
The writer describes what Universal Orlando Resort offers in order to show packages easier find year	'where families go for their vacation this year
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Environmental loss dams .	'Cultural loss of dams .
According to the passage , the findings can     instruct farmers spray crops	'increase insects in number
Which is NOT the reason for Australia to become the first country to pass the law of euthanasia ? Australians find easy deal moral practical influence .	'Australia has advanced technology of extending life .
It can be expected from the passage that travel two places earth made space	'space travel will belong to the public instead of governments
As for the life 's purpose , Mike wanted make lot money first	'wanted to teach first
What did Sufjan Stevens do to make an album of songs about a state ? He studied documents newspapers talked people .	'He moved to New York City to study writing .
The author gives us some tips to help us become early riser	'find the key to success
Which would be the best title for the passage ? Revolution    toilet	'Bill Gates of Microsoft
The main idea of this article is deal problems life	'why poor people are always poor
The text is meant to introduce new device detect disease .	'find a new way to treat malaria .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Facebook fans worse exams	'Social networking sites and their fans
What is the main purpose of this passage ? To attract guided tours Pacaya .	'To introduce the best time to visit Pacaya .
Why was the smile an important gift ? Because writer felt lonely friends made feel happy warm .	"""Because the writer 's old school was far away ."
The passage mainly tells us experimental school gets rid classes teachers .	'typical high school and experimental School .
The writer refers to the television shows to prove 's actually common people find hard get rid old stuff	"""prove that it 's depressing to get attached to old stuff"
The passage mainly tells us smells help us remember	'how to make perfumes
It can be learned that Kant satisfied trend tourism	"""Kant worries about the future of India 's tourism"
Which is the best title for the passage ? Some advice learning foreign language	'Traditional ways of learning English
What is the main focus of the article ? Mixed feelings end series .	"""Fans ' love for the Harry Potter series ."
This article mainly talks about effects water problems around world	'water pollution and floods
You must get your children to put on seat belts in order to keep safe	'keep them comfortable in the car seat
The change in Japanese life - style is revealed in the fact that young less tolerant discomforts	'the divorce rate in Japan exceeds that in the U.S.
The best title for the passage is Search better phone power .	'Development of cell phone battery .
What did Richard Axel and Linda Buck find out ? The nature human olfactory system .	'The category of food smells .
What can be the best title for the text ? Peace Mission-2009 .	'A Five - day Joint Military Drill .
According to the passage , we can find that fathers important influence children babyhood adulthood	"""fathers ' involvement    is the most important in children 's development"
If you want to take some wonderful photos of Big Ben , you may join South Bank tour	'go to Temple tube station
Denise Chen and Wen Zhou discovered that brain focuses one thing time	'our two nostrils act differently towards the same smell
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The play received Tony Award twice .	'Arthur Miller became famous in his forties .
Which of the following websites is designed for young researchers interested in the Olympics ? OFFICIAL WEBSITE OF THE OLYMPIC MOVEMENT	'Green Olympics Forum In Beijing 2004
We can infer from the text that the Fun - Vii make car paint industry face difficult situation	'will finally replace all the present cars
The reason why the young man went to see the old man was that difficult problem troubling	'the old man was very good at telling stories
"The best title for the passage can be ""   NASA confirms best - ever evidence water Mars"	'Water on Mars could be used for dringking
We can infer from the passage that gentleman went hospital author	"""the author wo n't know the gentleman 's name"
The old woman took the peach home because wanted husband eat juicy - looking fruit	'she knew there was a little boy in it
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? In social situations , frequent silence makes people comfortable .	"""It 's rude to cut in a line in the United States ."
The example of the Paranthropus was mentioned in the article in order to prove size shape skulls show accurately early humans ate	'tell readers that they are one of our close cousins living in eastern Africa
For what reason may husbands and wives quarrel with each other ? Husbands wives different cycles energy .	"""Either of them wants to change the cycle of the other 's ."
What does the image the author presents to her students suggest ? Women balance career science family .	"""Women students need n't have the concerns of her generation ."
What Rose said at last suggests that in England students satisfied education system	'it is difficult for students to pass their exams
What is the best title for this passage ?     Smiles fight colds	'Cause of colds found
"The best title for this passage can be ""   Sports health"	'Everybody must do sports
What would be the best title for this text ? What happens age 16 ?	'What education is waiting for you after the age of 16 ?
The writer gives the example of the egg to show 's important wear seat belt car	'tell us that eggs are easy to break
What happened first in the story ? The soccer game ended .	'Dave met Miguel .
From the passage , we know good teacher may unable act well stage	'a good teacher should be a good actor
Which of the following might be the best title for the passage ? History chocolate , rich taste .	'Chocolate 
What was very unusual about Monk 's House ? The bathroom fight kitchen .	"""Mrs . Woolf 's bedroom door opened on to the garden ."
What can we learn about John from the passage ? He tried get money work .	'He made a mistake carelessly in the bill
What can we infer from the passage ? With enough experience , women become good drivers .	"'Teenage girls can not take driving tests .', ""Men did n't allow women to drive in the past ."
What is this passage mainly about ? An unusual condition .	'People who like colour .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the article ? A woodchuck run three dogs .	'The woodchuck followed the rabbit quickly .
Who started the school 's Rain & Bow Project ? The principal foreign language school .	'Peng Xianzhe 
The report mainly tells us boy attacked shark Sydney beach	'shark attacks on humans are on the rise
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Subscribers paper 's print edition also enjoy full access site .	'Non - paying subscribers will get no access to NYTimes.com .
Which of the following statements would Nicholas Christakis agree to ? If one gains weight , one 's friends likely get fat .	"'Social problems like alcoholism are easy to deal with .', ""Friends usually do n't follow each other to lose weight ."
Country music is one of the most popular kinds of music in the world today because loved different kinds people world	'city people said it was low class
The best title for the passage might be British royal wedding guest list details leaks	'Prince William and Middleton fall in love at St. Andrews University
Which of the following about the Artic Hall Hotel is NOT true ? You go hotel spring .	'It is the coldest hotel in the world .
We can learn from the passage that applicants hand application forms 18th April 2008	'disabled applicants will be guaranteed an interview
What does the author think Joe Temper should be to blame for ? He sure ..	'He should have equipped his car with a security system .
We can learn from the text that less exercise , fewer sweet things eat	"""added sugar is n't marked on food packages"
What did the students find out about McKay ? He trained pilots time .	'He died in the Second World War .
According to the text , Kim McDermott could find record graduates	'happened to be the owner of the jacket
What might the author be further discussing after the passage ? Methods decreasing population .	'Needs to balance population .
What 's the problem of the hotel ? There n't enough   rooms .	"""There 's no swimming pool in the hotel ."
From the text , we call infer that job -- hunting hard old people	'the life of the old is miserable
Why did D ' Zhana Simmons ' dream die ? Because new heart n't work properly .	"""Because she did n't have enough money for a new heart ."
Which of the following is TRUE of the researchers from the DWP ? They want know parents really need face economic difficulties .	'They confirm many families still need at least a week away on holiday each year .
The best title of this passage is Christmas Australia	'Christmas meals in Australia
My neighbor went to Boston see mother	'to buy shoes for his mother
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? People keep eyes protected drying blinking normally .	'Dr. Bonilla - Warford thinks using computers causes nearsightedness .
In England Lenin Englishmen could n't understand	'could be understood by Englishmen
Edward O Wilson believes that situation biodiversity serious	"""it does n't matter to decrease the biodiversity"
Edwin Gale 's opinion shows study may beyond fact	'suggests coffee drinkers obey some regulations
The purpose of the passage is to warn young people hardships successful writer experience	"'advise young people to give up their idea of becoming a professional writer', ""show young people it 's unrealistic for a writer to seek wealth and fame"
The author of the passage probably believes that 's good people imitate celebrities blindly	"""it 's easy for people to resist the influence of celebrities"
The experiment has proved   that   talk plants give love	'without plants people could not live
Which of the following sentences is NOT True ? Weihenmayer first man climb Everest .	'Weihenmayer has been blind for almost 19 years .
Why there was even a comedy film in 1941 called Meet John Doe ? Because people use name often .	"""Because people do n't often use the name ."
The best title for this passage could be ' W00 ' Crowned Word Year	'More Globalized Word
""" Why Crime Rates Fell "" is mentioned in the article to tell readers that criminals strictly sentenced"	'drug crack can be extremely dangerous
What can we infer from the last sentence in the text ? Children want spend time playing parents .	'Children want to do more things for their parents .
What 's the main reason for killing sharks in Asia ? Shark fins great need .	'Sharks often attack swimmers .
The best title for this passage can be Jay Chou 's way success	'Jay Chou and his band
From this passage we can be sure that Americans live quick rhythm	'Americans live a hard life
It can be inferred from the passage that many Americans find it difficult to buy house	'build a house
What is the passage mainly about ? How improve lives old .	'The problem faced by the old in society .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? The 10th H7N9 infection case confirmed China .	'China is on high alert for H7N9 cases .
Which elephants live the longest according to the study ? Elephants live wild .	'Elephants born in zoos .
Which of the following can be the best title of this passage ? What slang ?	'Slang is popular .
We can infer from this passage that good bad programmes TV	'Murray is president of the British Parents Against Television Society
With the device , the reader is able to get rid heavy books made paper	'enjoy reading when driving a car
What does the writer like wearing ? Baggy pants long T - shirts .	'Blue jeans and a T - shirt .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Chinese confident take foreigners equals .	'Chinese have enough confidence to make greater progress .
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? British schools banning skirts	'Uniform violation becoming a habit
Which of the following is NOT true ? The expression history 100 years .	"'The expression came from James Fenimore Cooper ', ' an American novelist', ""If someone does n't obey his boss "
Busy people should notice that told long dish takes cook	'all the recipes in the book are easy to follow
The passage implies that penumbral eclipses are difficult observe types lunar eclipse	'longer - lasting than most solar eclipses
Which of the following best expresses the main idea of the passage ? Richard Wagner controversial man .	'Richard Wagner is not worth talking about
It can be inferred from the passage that Katherine 's work helpful meaningful	"'thespread of malaria in Africa will be more serious', ""everychild in Africa gets a net with Katherine 's help"
Which of the following plays a part in whether dolphin whistles can be heard over a distance ? The whistle frequency .	"""The dolphin 's identity ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the article ? Dutch students required learn cycle school .	'Dutch teenagers are not allowed to cycle alone until they are 18 .
Which of the following statements would the author agree to ? Treat person wheelchair would treat person .	'Look down on a person in a wheelchair .
What 's the text mainly about ? Wandering minds might brighter brains .	"'How the working memory works in the daily life .', ""Why people 's minds wander while working ."
Why did the young woman offer her seat to the writer ? Because writer looked exhausted .	'Because she thought the writer looked very old .
We can infer from the passage that women generally safer drivers opposite sex	'men are 3.1 times more likely to get tickets than women
If there is a good lesson from the story , it can be people know save facing trouble .	'when traveling 
Which of the following is not right ?    When feel tired become ill , never need water .	'Cool water is the best drink .
The program at the Interlake School Division designed send experiments ISS	'was carried out by 18 students .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? There different ways give directions different parts world .	"""we need n't carry a map for travel ."
"We can infer about the gold rush in China from the passage ? China 's "" Da Ma "" become largest gold buyers due decline global gold prices ."	'The Chinese housewives are most willing to spend money in buying gold ..
It 's dangerous and wrong to think water endless	'get enough fresh water
What would be the best title for this passage ? Michael Jackson Korea --Rain	"""Jung Ji Hoon 's First Album - Bad Guy"
What 's the writer 's attitude towards charity ? Charity virtue admires practice .	"""It 's something only people like Ruth can afford to do ."
According to Zhou Jianliang we can know that sunlight necessary power rover lander	"""on the moon the rover ca n't communicate with the lander"
Why did Dudley choose a 3-D printer braces over - buying them ? He n't enough money .	'He felt ashamed about his teeth .
If you are a film star fan , which city would you like to visit among the three ? Los Angeles	'Budapest .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Idiot savants areas outstanding abilities .	'The brains of the idiot savants are partly impaired .
The author writes this passage with the purpose of stressing necessity family meals teenage girls	'providing some suggestions on family dinner
It can be inferred from the passage that people usually change reading tastes grow	'boys change their reading tastes more often than girls
"Which sentence can best reflect that Marc Briol loves his career ? "" Food life . """	"'"" If you look at the plate "
Which part of Mr. Smith 's body went wrong first ? The new nose .	'The new eyes .
How does the boy get the toy ? By selling apples apple tree .	'By helping the apple tree .
Peter Katzmarzyk seems to believe that sit long time	'most people like to sit most of the time
The writer wrote this passage in order to    report findings research	'tell us how to help babies grow faster
In the modern western countries lots people 's illnesses caused made worse bad eating habits	"""people do n't want to pay more attention to their eating"
What would be the best title for the passage ? The Brick Artist	'The Brick Exhibition
According to Werner , states help foster care kids with psychotropic drugs mainly because drugs cost less money treatments	"""these drugs are good for kids ' health"
It can inferred from the passage that role hospital environment important .	'hospital artists have done more than doctors
Why have the rules been criticized by some people ? Because include punishments choose ignore rules .	'Because the rules are ignored by all the people who smoke .
It can be inferred from the passage that society tends wrong image single women	'many Americans get married by 30 and have kids by 32
"What does UCSB research find ? Octopuses "" see "" things using skin ."	"'Skin sample can be taken from California octopuses .', ""Octopuses have protein similar to cuttlefishes 's ."
The writer wants to tell you how to protect	'run away
Most modern studios use computers everyday sounds	'spend a lot money on computers
Which of the following might Angel Gurria agree with ? Both rich poor countries take agriculture seriously .	"'Food prices will go down in the near future .', ""It 's almost impossible to feed 9"
We can know from the text that poets write one type poem	'poems are weak in showing feelings
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Ms. Baines liked live alone .	'Ms. Baines used to serve others in Ohio .
This text is written to discuss music piracy Internet	'introduce the popularity of online music
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? When ancestors first came U.S.	"""Morrison 's father once lived in Alabama ."
When you meet a group of people , it is better to remember names first	'all their names
What did the scientists do to find out if the e - nose worked ? They tests damaged healthy leaves .	'They fixed 13 sensors inside the device .
What can we know about good and evil from Miyazaki 's films ? The figures simply judged good evil .	'The complex time tends to turn good into evil .
According to the passage , which information is right ? Fungal diseases mainly affect Cavendish banana .	"'The Cavendish banana can be mainly imported from North America and Europe .', ""The Cavendish banana wo n't die out in the future ."
We can infer from the new experiment conducted by researchers at the Karolinska Institute that mice are depressed except when attempt escape cold - water zone	'they stop searching for the sugar water
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Men still likely use Internet women .	'A small part of women in the US go on line today .
"The author considered Rose as a "" time machine "" because enjoyed long life lots wisdom experience"	'she made friends easily at university
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Shen Hao spent much time taking care daughter .	'Shen Hao was only 45 years old when he died .
According to the passage , what can a volunteer do in nursing homes ? Playing cards lonely old man .	'Visiting the sick children .
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? You find harmful additives packaging labels food .	'Drugs given to animals are not all for medical reasons .
Which is not right ?      Betty Kate 's bedroom .	"""Nora finds her pen in Kate 's room ."
What does the text mainly talk about ? The advantages studying abroad .	'What to prepare to study abroad .
Why are green plants and grass helpful ? All .	'They can keep the earth wet .
Who took the apple first ?     Mike	'Tom
What is the main idea of this passage ? Older dads might benefit health children grandchildren .	"'Older parents are greatly encouraged by some good news .', ""Dads can have a great influence on their children 's development ."
Which of the following is NOT true about the orbitofrontal cortex ? It tells people eat breakfast .	'It decides which food we like .
Which of the following serves as the best title of the passage ? Canada US Refuse Cut Emissions	'Canada Decides to Quit the Kyoto Protocol
Why do most dropouts regret leaving school before graduation ? Their present conditions unsatisfactory .	'They miss previous school life .
Pocahontas saved John Smith twice because believed general kindness even people different race	'she wanted to become a Christian and marry an English
This passage is mainly about new discovery mental decline	'what caused mental decline
Why are n't ordinary family homes energy - efficient ? Their sealing performance poor .	'Building them wastes much energy .
What does the author want to tell us in Paragraph 1 ? The reasons researching undersea tourism .	'The sea is the biggest unknown part of our world .
From what Jenny says , we know that clothes Nancy 's office helped get job	'she got a lot of good ideas from Nancy
Which of the following is one of the reasons why parents choose home schooling ? Some people different religious beliefs others .	"'it makes parents and their children have less time together .', ""It ca n't provide a comfortable place for children to be in ."
Which of the following ways of measuring time is ordered from the least accurate to the most accurate ? Sun , pendulum , atomic clock .	'Sundial 
From this article we know that President Obama takes risks	'has fewer problems
"People use "" in the pink "" to express they are in good health because healthy babies born nice pink skin"	'the color1 pink makes people feel happy
What is the basic difference between Esperanto and English ? Esperanto supported country culture .	'More people speak English than Esperanto .
"Which of the following is true about "" particularist societies "" ? The society 's rules changed different persons situations ."	"'There is no rule for people to obey .', ""People obey the society 's rules completely ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The guests know students ' names reading cardboard name cards .	"""The students did n't have to use the cardboard name cards to identify each other ."
According to ILO , the following are caused by high youth unemployment rate except The government calls young people take whatever job available	'Many young people are making their time in higher education longer
What was Stoker 's hope ? That Irving would play central character stage play .	'That the book would become a stage - play .
The Couch Surfing network is intended to offer travelers convenience find suitable hosts free accommodations	'provide people with a platform to contact each other
What is the best title for the passage ? Visa Information	'Easy to Get your Visa
A good reader may read fastest trying find something report	'when he reads newspapers and story books
According to the article , if a plant freezes in the winter , water transport system could blocked spring	'its leaves quickly fall out and its roots begin to die
What can we know about the poems of Keats and Wordsworth through the passage ? Both poetry create positive feelings .	"""Keats ' poems are full of bad feelings ."
How deep have we gone into the earth until now ? 7.5 miles .	'6 miles .
The main idea of the passage is line dividing human culture animal culture clear might think	'chimpanzees can learn to use sign language to make sentences
"What can we learn from the passage ? The expression "" play cat mouse "" usually means "" play tricks others "" ."	"'The expression "" a fat cat "" is used to describe someone who is very fat ."
"What does the phrase "" the nation 's treasures "" mean ? The Library property ."	'All the books of the Library .
It can be inferred from the passage that local man n't give Mr. White advice	"'Mr. White liked his job very much', ""Mr. White was n't afraid of driving in the rain"
The text is mainly to show versions origins April Fool ' Day .	"""explore the origin of April Fool ' Day ."
According to the passage , adults eating habits differ from those of babies because adults ' eating habits closely related social cultural customs	'adults know better than babies what kind of food are good for their health
What conclusion can be drawn from the passage ? The organization Olympic Games must improved	'Athletes should compete as individuals in the Olympic Games
What can be inferred from the text ? Windows XP still use period time .	'Windows XP will completely be out of use in a month .
According to some developmental psychologists , baby 's play somehow similar scientist 's experiment	"""a baby 's play is nothing more than a game ."
It appears that the writer tends to think highly of the person who sleeps on one side because he or she confident , stubborn	'always shows sympathy for people
What could be the best title of the text ? A Brief Biography Albert Schweitzer .	"""A Brief Introduction to Albert Schweitzer 's Family ."
Which of the following can be learned from the passage ? Scientists usually apply reflexes conditioning explaining animal behaviors .	'Breast - feeding a baby is conditioned or reflective but have no emotional connection .
What can we infer from the last passage ? People found place question express different views .	'People benefited from the Internet on which they can learn a lot about real society .
The author takes the hair salon as an example to show that changes happening Old Doha	'people in Doha are fashionable
The reason why the butterfly could not fly is that came cocoon without enough struggle	'the old man broke its wings
On the first day of the pandas ' arrival , visitors could watch pandas TV system zoo	'gently feel the pandas along the road to the zoo
The shopkeeper asks the young man to buy carnations because carnations cheaper roses	'carnations are nicer than roses
Which of the following statements do you think is true about the writer ? He favor enrichment rather acceleration .	'He is in favor of acceleration rather than enrichment .
In most fairies ' opinion , it was the most important to beautiful attractive fairy	'learn the most powerful magic
Which is the main idea of the passage ? Modern technology key improvement standard living .	'The three major factors of production - land 
The writer is sorry to have noticed that people large cities tend excuse criminals	"'people in small towns still stick to old discipline and standards .', ""today 's society lacks sympathy for people in difficulty"
The text is mainly about continuing ban ivory sale protect elephants	'protecting endangered animals around the world
Why did the author go to the hospital with his friend ? To friend admitted hospital .	'To find free medical treatment for his friend .
Sending email to interesting people is a way to contact people	'learn knowledge
What did the author do in the loneliness of his past months ? He recalled fond memories mother .	'He summed up the causes of the failure in his life .
Which of the following is True according to the passage ? The farmer n't use tractor plow field .	'The farmer was very sad because his own horse was dead .
What is the passage mainly about ? A brief introduction Mary Cassatt .	'The main works of Mary Cassatt .
Which is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? The apple tree unhappy help man .	'The apple tree is like his parent .
The voice transplant operation is of great significance because it proves that nerve repairing breakthrough tissue engineering	'facial transplants are now easier to perform
In the eyes of Mr. Walker , students n't realize education valuable	'all students can learn from music
.What 's the best title for the passage ? Spring Festival Goes Green	"""Do n't Waste Food"
""" Then they were suddenly neither . "" suggests that suddenly I found longer kid ."	'suddenly I knew that they were neither bigger nor older than I was .
"What can we learn from the passage ? To become future leader branches contact centres , 'd better join Retail 
 Banking Wealth Management Global Graduate Programme ."	'Retail Banking mainly contacts with their customers through their branch banks .
"By saying "" Mailer will be remembered as much for his personality as for his writing "" , the author means that Mailer 's personality impressing writing"	'People will remember Mailer because he has a great personality
It can be inferred from the passage that the author believes many countries success often depends one 's social status	'American businesses are more democratic than those in other countries
During his life , how long did Emperor Yang stay in Yangzhou in total ? Three years two months .	'One and a half years .
It is a known fact that seasons southern part different north	'Bill Tapp is a scientist who studies farming
According to the passage , on Father 's Day , fathers often honored different ways	'people will wear the same flowers to honor their fathers
According to the passage , we know that 's unwise waste time seek unpleasant things	'the bride ignored the feeling of the husband on purpose
The candidates must be non -- native middle school students	'foreign college students
According to the text , it seemed that Johnstone Dolby could seen airport waiting - room Singapore	'the couple pretended not to see each other in the same airport waiting - room in Singapore
What does Jenny sometimes do after school ? She helps friends lessons .	'She has supper with her classmates at school
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? The present La Nina cycle may last spring 2008 disappear .	'Due to the La Nina 
Which is the best title    of the passage ? Online shopping China .	"""Wang Lin 's life"
Emma Delaney 's friends n't active travelling abroad .	'do a lot of travelling .
"The writer was angry as he was traveling on a train to London because someone invaded "" space """	'too many people shared a section with him
What can we infer from the passage ? The poem Hyperion n't completed Keats .	"""Keats ' family must have been very poor when he was young ."
The purpose of this passage is to tell readers ought learn live present moment	'people who are busy making plans are living actively
From the passage , we know that Khan plans include subjects future	'Khan travels to many schools to promote his lessons
From the passage , we can infer that people n't opened oilfield North Pole	'the North Pole is the largest oil field in the world
According to Bas Lansdorp , which of the following is NOT TRUE ? He could come fund Mars One .	'Robots are prepared for the settlement for humans .
What is the main idea of this passage ? There ways help learn second language easily .	'It is very important to learn a second language .
What 's Passage 1 mainly about ? Monkey King return screens 3D effects .	'The brief introduction to the TV series Journey to the West
"What does Louis Uchitelle mean by "" the disposable American "" ? Workers longer secure jobs ."	'People with a stable job .
What message can we get from the text ? Visitors encouraged come bus .	'You can take care of 10 favorite animals .
From the passage , we know Alice friendly students	'Dale looks like his father
We can infer from the passage that Ronaldo became star Cruzeriro Belo Horizonte 1992	'began to play soccer at 14
The purpose in writing this text is to give us advice dealing airlines	'tell us what to do before and after a flight
According to the passage , the reason why blogs are so popular is that they 	'enable a blogger to place news 
The World of Children organization was created to honour anyone helped kids need	"""match the Adults ' Nobel Prize"
The purpose of the passage is to      . introduce recent study two teenagers Jordan	'list some facts about the 64th annual Intel ISEF
What can we learn about the ritual from Meredith 's book ? All elephants felt sad ritual .	'All the elephants were observed to be weeping .
From the passage we can know that inflation is a situation in which money constantly loses value	'money will hold its value
Bob did n't understand why students called Peter	'he went to a new school
What does the passage mainly talk about ? US dramas magic touch .	'Directors of US dramas .
The two places you can visit by getting off at the same underground station are Buckingham Palace Westminster Abbey	"""Buckingham Palace and St. Paul 's Cathedral"
From the text we can infer that author took medicine treat hearing loss	"""the author 's hearing loss was cured after the treatment"
Florida Virtual School is open to students across world	'students in Indiana
The next day people on the bus were happy , for maid among	'she would not take the same bus
What is the author 's purpose of writing the passage ? To attract readers travel Las Vegas .	'To introduce the present situation of Las Vegas .
What can we learn from the passage ? People often feel joyful receive hugs .	"'Sometimes hugs have side effects .', 'If people are sad ', "" we 'd better not hug them ."
Most of the positions require the following EXCEPT professional computer knowledge	'certain working experience
According to Matt Rush , American agriculture will provide opportunities for younger people because investment agriculture profitable	'global food supplies will be even lower
"Why is "" the French paradox "" referred to in the passage ? To stress importance using fresh food ingredients ."	'To illustrate the French have a healthy diet .
We can see that Zhang Ziyi internationally Chinese actress .	"'Professor Reng Yonghua has two daughters and a son', ""Wang Zhiming 's grandmother and father can make violins"
If you go to Australia , you will find that enjoy many different kinds meat Australia	'classic European dishes are the most popular in Australia now
What happened when the accident happen ? All .	'Workers rushed out of their rooms .
According to the passage , successful people are different from unsuccessful ones because successful people set goals lives make plans carry	'the successful people set goals for everything and can get help from others
Which of the following statements is true ? Including picture item sale helps make selling simple .	"""Big items ca n't be sold on eBay ."
Why ca n't the lion want catch the bulls at first ? Because bulls stand together find .	'Because the bulls are too big .
The reasons why people fly with Bel Air are the followings except . price high	'people can enjoy best films
What does n't give Edna a moment 's peace ? That baby started walk	'That she has been thinking of sending Ann to a nursery school
To further open financial sector , China has taken many measures EXCEPT Strengthening connections China countries leaders ' paying visits 's countries	'Giving more chances to the participation of foreign capital
Which of the following sentences is NOT true ? More drivers country wear seat belts .	'More educated people in the United States wear seat belts .
The following advice is given in the article EXCEPT    study possible time place	'to put a pen 
Jane Addams was inspired to open Hull House visited Toynbee Hall	'when she had an opportunity to do social work
"We know that the word "" cool "" has had      many different meanings"	'only one meaning
The passage mainly deals with latest findings awareness vegetative patients	'how to recognize a vegetative patient
It Can be inferred that    existed different opinions towards motorcycling sport	'animals in the woods like motorcycles because motorcyclists usually feed crashed insects to them
The best title for this passage may be AI : Friend Enemy ?	'The Development of AI
The lesson the ugly fairy learned from her mother was that one n't change according others ' opinion	"""fairies ' beauty depended on kindness and intelligence"
According to the text , two pumps used put fire	'no one knew how the fire broke out
"Which of the following statements is NOT true ? "" Hold steady "" comes lecture given fashion queen ."	"""Poise is n't born with people "
"Why did the blind man shout out "" Do n't flush ! Do n't flush ! "" ? He thought caught big toilet someone cleaning ."	"""He did n't want anyone to clean the swimming pool at that time ."
The purpose of the international scientists is find captivity affects elephants	'to compare the lifespans of different animals
Which is WRONG according to the passage ? Eva Murzyn professor Dundee University Britain .	'Miss Murzyn thought she has proved the connection between dream color and TV and films .
It 's impolite guest ask host price things room	"""to say that you like the host 's room very much"
Which of the following is NOT true for the imperial garden ? They built fairy tales .	'There is a north - south axis in the center of garden
What can be the best title for the passage ? Social Media , Threat Marriage	'Facebook 
"Which of the following is NOT the content of the "" courtesy pledge "" ? Teenagers n't talk strangers public ."	"""Teenagers must n't use aggressive language in public ."
The one who wants to see the North Pole should pay for the following EXCEPT equipment sledding	'some clothing used on the trip
Which is WRONG ? Mr. Green liked lend books learned persons .	'When Mr. Green came back home from the bookshop 
Having heard the old man 's story , the writer showed great mercy upon	"""could n't help laughing immediately"
Which of the following is the focus of the story ? Hilary 's aunt 's money .	"""Hilary Smith 's debts ."
Why did the US refuse to participate in the tests with an added electronic reading component ?        It is because test would give schools extra work	'they thought reading was the only way to get information
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? The last one sit last chair .	"'The game "" Musical Chairs "" is not difficult to learn ."
Nowadays , many office workers wrongly think that regular exercise benefits long periods sitting	'long periods of sitting has bad influences on them
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Martin first person described flying object plate .	'People named the flying object UFO in the 19th century .
Which of the following is the best title   of the passage ? . Life students Singapore	'School rules in Singapore
Why do the Japanese student feel unhappy ? Because parents want well school , give much pressure .	"""Because they do n't work hard enough"
According to the passage , some oppose smoking bans in public places because     . believe cause people smoke home	"'they have much difficulty in quitting smoking', ""smoking bans contributing to health ca n't be proved"
What 's this passage mainly about ? Self - understanding .	'Self - confidence .
What is Damien Hynes ? He teacher teaches geography high school Australia	'He is a geography teacher and a researcher in Australia
Some American students do n't care about their poor maths results because think maths nothing future	'maths is useless to most people
From the passage . what does the author want to say ? Young smokers , drop cigarettes !	"""Do n't make friends with young smokers ."
From the first three passages we can conclude that author trying avoid conflict Brittany	"'the author secretly envied Brittany for being popular', ""Brittany 's appearance made her popular with boys"
When Konrad Fischer picked up the bottle from the sea , wanted throw back sea first	'he noticed the postcard inside immediately
What is the main idea of this passage ? How unsuccessful person became famous .	"""Hung 's performance attracted the public eye ."
Which is NOT TRUE according to this passage ? Miss Kate 's parents always worried marriage .	"'In China ', "" one may face social blame and family pressure if one has n't got married by 30 ."
Mayday 's songs influenced greatly holy persons .	'are popular only among the Taiwanese youths
The text is about origin prom Thanksgiving	'Thanksgiving dinner
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? Algae existed 430 million years .	'It is impossible that algae might be the earliest plant on land .
Which of the following statements is not true ? The German shepherd never loses popularity provides companionship also protection .	"""Do n't buy a hunting dog if your house is not big enough ."
Kimberly Oliver had been named National Teacher of the Year mostly because helpful ahd many special good ideas teaching children	'she taught five - year old children at a public school
Bobby Brown holds the opinion that journalists getting wrong end stick .	'they are busy issuing statements all day
If you want to watch Thai culture dance shows you can go to Thai resort areas big hotels	'Thai museums or big streets
In what kind of restaurant does the waitress often tell you her name ? In family restaurant	'In a top class restaurant
Which is n't included in the measures taken by the Chinese ? An emergency response mechanism country .	'A temperature reporting system .
The writer writes the passage to return money girl	'telephone the girl
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? English useful language Internet .	'The Internet can provide people with the cultural information they need .
Which of the following is WRONG for traditional handwriting in the USA ? To write cursive taught first .	'Handwriting includes two skills .
The results of the study tell us that using cellphones effect brain cells	'people use cellphones for too long every day
What 's the title of the passage ? Chinese Food Britain	'Chinese Lucky Cakes
Which of the following is NOT true about the C.O.L.D. according to the text ? They protect us injuries completely .	'They are four basic steps to keep warm .
What is the best title of the passage ? A Plan Save Coral Extinction	'Climatic Instability and Coral Extinction
When the old man and the young man met , young man said something comfort old man	'the old man wished the young man good luck in the future
It can be inferred from the text that shy people may suffer great deal may less happy	'people will notice our appearance if we focus on their looks
Which is TRUE about Nate Robinson ? He NBA Slam Dunk Contest .	'He once blocked Yao Ming from Miami Heat .
What was the problem with guessing at the sound to stop a bus ? Some lorries may sound bus .	'No bus would stop to pick up a blind girl .
The main idea of this passage is to    give general information pet travel	'warn people to leave their pets at home
What can be the best title for this passage ? What friendship trouble ?	'Four basic elements of friendship .
"After reading this passage , it can be inferred that ""   George W. Bush 's directive issued global opinions"	'The White House is right in explaining that US new space policy aims to protect satellites
Which of the following is right according to the passage ? The waiter n't know English .	'The man knew Italian very well .
Why did the first farmer sell his farm ? He wanted make money elsewhere .	'He had made a fortune by selling diamonds .
What 's the best title for the passage ? Should whales hunted watched ?	'Should commercial whaling be banned ?
According to the passage , it is safe to watch a lunar eclipse , unlike a solar eclipse , because moonlight less strong sunlight	'a lunar eclipse is briefer than a solar eclipse
We can infer that dangerous spaceship - enter earth atmosphere	'after this space flight 
Which of the following did the conductor do to help the writer ? The conductor took center city taxi .	'The conductor advised him to get off two stops before Vienna .
Studying in your country has many advantages except that courses free charge	'there are many courses to choose from
Rooster talks about how he learnt to play the fiddle in order to prove that forming good habits important	'learning to play an instrument is not easy
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Ford aimed build cars general public .	'Henry Ford was born in the city of Detroit .
The boy wanted to be a lawyer because of the following EXCEPT great sense humor	'he was good at explaining things
According to the text , we can infer that eyewitness testimony valuable , though sometimes incorrect .	'police identification is more reliable than that of the ordinary people
Why did the author leave her first job ? She decided attend parttime course .	'She found a fulltime job .
We can learn from the passage that similar study done native Italian speakers learn English second language	'the research done on the Italians showed a totally different result
According to the text , the tree    90 years old	"""will fall down after the author 's father 's death"
People are willing to become a mystery shopper mainly because they can job either full time part time get paid well	'get the best service and get paid at the same time
How to improve sleep according to the doctor ? Do n't stay bed asleep .	'Lying in bed awake .
The passage is mainly about individuals help make difference	"'running a neighborhood meeting to solve its problems', ""citizens ' reactions to the problems they face"
To protect your hearing , you can enjoy music at 65 decibels less one hour day	'85 decibels for eight hours a day
The dentist said that he never asked    gentlemen money	'a woman for money
Which could be the best title of the passage ? No Pet Left behind	'Animals 
The average citizen dislikes the motorcyclists because    frequently look dirty , often make unpleasant noise , appearance contributes people 's terrible imagination	'all motorcycles are wild young men
We can infer that Mayor Willie Brown praised boy new idea	'received a call from the library for children
According to the study , working memory allows people consider things time	"'prevents people from remembering dictated sentences', ""causes people 's minds to wander more easily"
When the author was a pupil , he liked writing stories	'was good at writing poetry
Why did the raven wash his feathers every day ? He thought feathers would turn white .	'He thought his feathers were dirty .
"By saying "" their confidence is n't reciprocated "" , the author means that women would like follow mother 's style advice"	"""some women are n't sure what to wear when attending a party"
Dr. Smith thinks Katie 's mother probably tries stay close Katie	"""does n't love Katie"
We can learn from the text that Ridgway fame voyage across Atlantic	"""dismissed Saunders ' dream as fantasy"
What do Ralph Buehler and Greg Billing agree with ? Money saved people use bicycles .	'Living in the city is much cheaper than in the country .
What is this passage mainly about ? One comedian 's life ,	'How to tell a good joke 
One of the ways the experts suggest is that people charged crowded roads rush hour	'people should avoid driving to work and home
The last sentence of this article means Fair - minded right - handed people starting help left - handed people	'Fair - minded right - handed people want to change the habit of the left - handed people
What is the main purpose of this passage ? To encourage readers live positive life .	'To praise Sam Berns for his hardwork .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? People hold different opinions towards slang .	"'"" Hunk "" is an invented word ."
Which of the following is True ? The young man thought old man needed coin .	'The old man and children had nothing to eat for a month .
What is a good study habit ? Not putting studying .	'Cramming the night before the exam .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Italians like drinking coffee every meal .	"'Italians love to spend national holidays ', "" but there are n't so many ."
The owner and his wife put the forgetful grass into the food because hoped old man would leave bag inn	'the old man always forgot something
The passage is mainly about introduction sign language	'the importance of sign language
From the passage we know that subjects students choose except required ones	'there are less than 40 students in each class in Japanese high schools
The passage is mainly about typical customs festivals Bulgaria	'Christmas and the New Year in Bulgaria
Dogs that are always tied with chains often have behavioral problems because dogs love go play much human beings	'there are no close feelings between dog and owner
What is the beginning of the cooperation between the Royal Liverpool hospital and Gaza ? A Shifa doctor turned Royal Liverpool hospital help .	'A UK doctor contacted Gaza hospital .
According to the passage , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Web - building spiders probably die without webs .	'Most spiders will stop conducting webs when hungry .
It can be inferred from the passage Central Subway construction	'Chinatown has to make way for subway
What 's the main purpose of the article ? To introduce Nobel prize winners experiments .	'To explain why some scientists chose to experiment on themselves .
The visitor paid no attention to the dog because n't understand dog meant	"""he did n't see the dog"
Which of the following statements would Dr Frick agree to ? Spanking often fails get message parents across .	'Parents need to praise their children after disciplining them .
At the end of the letter Pat wanted his wife to excuse bad writing spelling	"""the priest 's bad writing and spelling"
To avoid being damaged , a woman traveling alone should find like - minded travelers company	'use a money belt rather than a bag
From the passage we know 3D movies n't appeal people much	"'TV will certainly take the place of computers', ""There wo n't be further improvement on TV"
What does the study led by Miles Padgett mainly suggest ? Devices like lenses slow speed light .	"'Light travels fastest through a vacuum .', ""There 's a minimum limit to the speed of light ."
According to the passage , we can infer Persia tougher defeat Egypt	"'Aristotle taught Alexander how to defeat other nations', ""Alexander was happy about his father 's death"
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? The discovery drawn leading experts ' attention .	'A lot of cultural relics have been discovered in Henan .
"The writer suggests that popularity "" "" products may last long"	"'the letter "" b "" replaces letter "" i "" to name the products"
What was the author 's mother 's attitude to online shopping at first ? She doubted quality online goods .	'She thought online goods were cheap .
The participants can do the following things except playing computer games	'making friends with American children
Which is the best title for the passage ? Teens use Twitter share rides .	'Cars are no longer a gateway to freedom .
. According to the article , one thing you should pay attention to about making mistakes is taking consequences account	'avoiding making the same mistakes
What is the passage mainly about ? The advantages disadvantages studying abroad .	'Students life in the foreign countries .
We can infer from the passage that mankind right land moon	"""it 's a waste of time to work on the lunar project"
When she gave the young man his keys , he surprised	'took them and ran into the bank
The passage is mainly about      . Harriet fought slavery life	'how Harriet rescued her family from the South to the North
The passage mainly tells us that textbook renting money - saving , fun , , convenient way college students	'renting textbooks allows you to save a lot of money
What happened when the writer turned around to write on the blackboard ? The class began laugh loudly .	'The class roared with anger .
What is the main purpose of the text ? To inform us advantages plant cloning .	'To warn the negative effects of plant cloning .
The author thinks it really uncomfortable to receive gift given friend	'an expensive gift from a close friend
The author got to know where her friend was by asking another friend call	'asking her friend herself by phone
Why was the smile an important gift ? Because made writer feel happy , lively warm .	"""Because the writer 's old school was far away ."
What did Princess Diana think of her visit to Angola ? It brought closer ordinary people .	'It had caused embarrassment to the British government .
From the passage , we know Tom n't think Lucy beautiful	"""Lucy 's grandmother did n't like Lucy"
From the passage we can know that dog puppies danger dying hunger	"""the author did n't like dogs"
Which camp is only for girls ? Alexa Cafestem Camp .	'iD Tech camps .
What the International Olympic Committee(IOC)were concerned about is that jade fragile easy break	'the medals will be worth less
When Disney began making cartoon movies , poor	'the mouse helped him
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Some manners visiting British American people 's home .	'Different table manners between British and American people .
"This passage is mainly talking about new term "" phubbing""and problem"	'the rise of phubbing in all the mainstream media outlets
In 2013 , what will Australian cigarettes probably look like ? Plain olive - green packages brand name health warnings .	'Plain olive - green packages only with health warnings .
"What can we learn about "" Green Scenes "" ? It series events focusing green life ."	'It is a film set in Central Indiana .
What is the most important part of online communication ? To look program interaction .	'To use chat rooms and instant messaging .
The woman goes to see a doctor because n't like orange skin	"'she likes the orange skin very much', ""she does n't want to eat any green things"
Global warming is an important cause of koalas ' reduction because leaves koalas eat losing nutritional value	'koalas can hardly stand the hot weather
According to the passage , the NCC found it unacceptable that claims made products often unclear deceiving	"'all the products surveyed claim to meet ISO standards', ""consumers would believe many of the manufacturers ' claims"
How did the brown bear get his supper ? He fell branch tree . Then took nuts ate .	'He climbed up the tree and ate the nuts there .
Stoneage people were much healthier than people today because they ate a lot of wild animals , fresh wild vegetables fruits	'grain foods and farm animals
What is the main purpose of the passage ? To introduce young branch learning .	"""To explain people 's way of life in the past ."
According to the new technology , electricity can be transmitted by using magnetic fields	'using the electronic devices
According to Aristotle , all jokes depend mainly on showing inferiority another person group	'having a good opinion of other people
In the society described in the passage , the legal standing of the wife in marriage was husband	'higher than that of her husband
What made the audience hold their breath during Nik 's performance ? How Nik kept balance strong winds .	'How Nik managed to cross the Niagara Falls with safety measure .
In North America , Australia , and Europe , people eat knives forks	'eat with chopsticks
Which of the following best describes Steve Jobs ? He person mind .	'He is good at giving people clues all the time .
This year , the Swan Marker and the Swan Warden mainly want to find out much damage swans cygnets suffer	'the exact number of swans and cygnets
Which of the following statements might the author agree with ? Those fail get admitted Stanford n't necessarily worse make .	"'Bass players ', ' even some extraordinary ones ', ' have little chance of being accepted by Stanford .', ""Those who fail to get admitted by Stanford probably would n't meet the demands of a Stanford education ."
The expectations of women professionals are hard to meet in that     . old work model rooted many companies	'the life - work balance is difficult to achieve
The author takes her neighbor as an example to show rewards way encourage children	'pizza is the best way to motivate children
Hui Qing went to see the movie Old Boys : The Way of Dragon because likes listening song Little Apple	'the movie has a good story
What would be the best title for the passage ? Religious theatres Middle Ages	'European dramas
For what purpose is the text written ? To introduce general information staycatons .	'To persuade more people to have staycations .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Thousands eat breakfast Sydney Harbour bridge	"'Welcome to Sydney', ""October -- Sydney 's art festival"
"What did the writer mean when she said , "" I grew up with it "" ? She spent much time playing around river ."	'She helped clean the garbage out of the river .
What would be the best title for the passage ? Functions speech	'Tips of great speeches
What is the author 's purpose in writing this passage ? To highlight importance creatively .	'To criticize the characters of role models .
Many parents let children watch TV special time	"""do n't let their children watch TV"
From the passage we know that holidays may bring us pleasure and bring weight problems	'make us hate delicious food
What makes Ken different from other boys of his age ? That wants save homeless dogs .	'That he lives at a shelter .
Readers will get puzzled if reviewer 's point view mixed author 's	'there is no heading in a book review
What is special about a mammalian social group according to the passage ? The individuals recognize .	'All the individuals cooperate to hunt .
From this passage we know that the most serious problems in Asia are displacemerds , storms	'seminal violence and other rights violations
It can be inferred from the passage that life Africa early age lays solid foundation writing	"""The Golden Notebook is regarded as Lessing 's masterpiece by herself"
Children ca n't see anything radio	'on TV
What 's the result of the scientists ' effort ? There giant tortoises islands .	'The tortoises began to disappear gradually .
Why did the teacher send the students out of the classroom ? Becausethe liquid crylamide poisonous .	'Becausethe room was full of this strong smelling white gas .
An impulsive person tends to consider accept new ideas	'think through a risk in advance
The passage tells us that the users donate   books library	'get paid to collect books for the library
Which is Not an element to make Pocahontas a legend ? The recreation life story 1995 Disney film .	"""Her complicated life story different from common people 's"
As the moon grows to be full , it may influence human behavior	'cause people to get sick easily
What 's the best title for the passage ? Study Canada -- unique experience	'Canadian culture
If you have a good memory , remember things better	'you can learn a second language easily
We can infer from the passage that pardoned turkey appear celebrating parade Thanksgiving Day	'President Obama pardoned a turkey before Thanksgiving because of the economic crisis
From the passage , we can infer that satellite pictures give detailed information	'GIS is the newest computer to study Earth
If you want to learn something about agriculture heritage , you will possibly attend Christmas Lighting Festival	'Argosy Christmas Ship Festival
""" There is nothing new under the sun "" really implies that new thing created basis earliest things"	'a new thing is only a tale
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? .         The customers pay word volunteers stead .	'More volunteers will go to new Orleans for the hurricane cleanup .
From the passage we can see that woman understand Eddie meant	'the woman thought Eddie was an unusual doctor
The best title for the passage is How Pass Exam	'An Important Exam
The passage is mainly about music behavior	'music in restaurants
According to the passage , what record was made near Ashford in May , 1983 ? A record paddling bathtub .	'A record for climbing a mountain .
We can learn from the text that ASPCA aims protecting animals abused	'provides shelter for both animals and humans
Gwendolyn Brooks became world - famous because introduced black culture writing poems	'she was an expert on the language of poetry
"This sentence "" today 85 % of the tea in the UK is packed in paper bags . "" tells us Most drinkers UK prefer tea bags ."	'Most drinkers in the UK prefer loose - leaf tea .
It can be inferred from the passage that people born longevity genes	'people who like swimming live longer
What is the author 's purpose of writing this passage ? To persuade people enjoy wonderful moment life .	'To tell a story about the blind man crossing crossroads .
What 's the main idea of this passage ? For animals , cleanliness survival skill .	'Animals enjoy living in a clean environment .
The main idea of the passage is What makes pure girl	'Why Director Zhang selected Miss Zhou as the leading star
In terms of moral matters , parents should follow rules	'be aware of the huge difference between adults and children
From the passage , we know that    Billy ca n't see .	"""Billy ca n't hear ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? In ancient China , people used	'Tea 
We can learn from the passage that Time Out & School Sport Magazine might published United Kingdom .	'all of the magazines are intended for adults .
When a baby is born , his/ ears change shape	'his/ her ears are red
Who is the combination of very different characteristics ? A person born January 1 - --January 31 .	'A person born during April 1 - --April 30 .
Which of the following is NOT true about the two children ? They two child stars movie , Slum dog Millionaire .	'They were interviewed before they went back home .
What happened when a few parents asked the principal to move their children into the writer 's class ? The colleagues became defensive ready attack .	'The school built fences to ensure the safety of the students .
Which of the following is true ? Pablo called Emilio night .	'Emilio and Pablo met at the bar .
Which of the following might be found on the blog A Year of Reading the World ? Lists English version books .	'Research on English literature .
It can be inferred from this passage that honey - on- book tradition practiced many generations	"""the girl 's mother and uncles were good scholars"
According to the passage , people procrastinate because they prefer stay comfort zone	"""do n't know how to free themselves"
It can be inferred from the passage that mayor Venice expecting new advertising	"""Hollywood stars ' ads can not go up in Venice"
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Blair thought Princess Diana People 's Princess .	'Blair was the wife of Prince Charles .
According to White , why were the women surveyed more likely to use old computers ? Dealing new equipment cause anxiety .	'Most office workers use old computers .
We can learn from the passage that 18 , still possibility become smarter	'you will be smarter if you have a partner 
What do you guess the author will go on writing ?     What causes learning disabilities .	'Some tips to get over learning disabilities .
One of the most surprising findings about Mayas was that deserted cities moved new ones	'they developed accurate system measuring time
If your American or English friend wants to invite you to dinner , he will invite you     week dinner	'on the night before the dinner
The passage mainly talks about .the secret New York minute	'.the mistake of the railroad industry
From the story we know old man n't mind wife secret past years	'the old woman enjoyed crocheting doilies
From the passage , we learn that Sally started school focus rights women	'was the first woman to fly in space
"The desert rhubarb 's "" self - irrigating "" mechanism helps collect much water plants"	'enables it to survive with fewer leaves
Who may work in the Youth Work Party Team by himself / herself ? A nineteen - year - old student .	'A ten - year - old student .
Leng Jingze 's head teacher plans to 	"'put all the class photos onto a CD', ""put the student 's Chinese compositions onto a CD"
Which of the following statements is NOT true about Lady Thatcher ? She died heart attack 8 April 2013 .	'She left behind many ideas about the role of the state .
"Dr King 's solution is described as "" intelligent "" because protects crops , produces honey preserves elephant time"	"""it successfully keeps elephants out of African farmers ' fields"
Why does the writer mention the story about St Nicholas helping three poor girls ? This story explains parents give secret presents children .	"""It supports the writer 's main point that Father Christmas is based on an untrue story ."
Scientists are still not sure ' map ' based	"""what a ' compass ' is based on"
From the passage we can conclude that income , first ten years career important everyone	'clooege - educated women tend to have their first baby earlier than other women
The passage mainly talks about secret New York minute	'the mistake of the railroad industry
What can be inferred from the passage ? The government may carry new policies encourage citizens willing spend near future .	'Issuing coupons is a practical and effective way to increase domestic demand in a long term .
What can we learn about the maypole ? It dates Middle Ages .	'People climb it on May Day .
Which of the following is NOT an advantage of distance learning ? Individual assistance comes regular airmail , telephone fax machine .	'The student may choose his or her own pace .
An earthquake can be felt     two plates push	'when one plate pulls another plate
Who was the article written for ? Shy early teenagers .	'People who work at a restaurant .
Why people from 18 countries came to Washington this year ? To celebrate Shakespeare 's birthday study works .	"""To celebrate Shakespeare 's 433d birth day only ."
A man in the western suburbs made a call to     let writer know Jordan nice	'know why Jordan stopped in a bad area
Why did Lang Lang go to Africa 3 months after his nomination ? To help children facing serious diseases .	'To experience the local music there
Why was the girl heartbroken ? She considered short top player .	"'Her coach stopped her training because of her height .', ""She could n't be on a college basketball team ."
What could be the best title for this passage ? A Coal Mine Accident Central China	'Death Toll Rises in an Accident in China
What is the general idea of the passage ? Money buy happiness , spend someone else .	'The more you earn 
The farmer thought his daughter was a clever girl because could find father wore pair wrong shoes	'she could make shoes
What is the purpose of schools turning to high - tech solutions ? To prevent kids getting lost .	'To make school buses safer for kids .
What is the law of economics theory behind art goods according to the economists ? High prices increase demand art goods .	'They are valuable goods .
In the author ' opinion nothing wrong advertising persuading buyer	'advertising can seldom bring material benefit to man by providing information
What troubled the elderly lady in the wheel chair ? She could hardly manage breakfast .	'The airport attendant could hardly help her .
Martha wrote about her school meals on her blog to express opinion food	'invite students to judge the food
The author writes this passage to provide solutions problem shopping .	'inform the shopping malls how to attract more shoppers
What 's Not true about the frigate Xuzhou ? It warning Libya might attack Chinese interests .	'It is conducting anti - piracy tasks off the coast of Somalia .
What 's the purpose of the text ? To introduce newly - invented cupcake ATM .	'To advertisefor the cupcake ATM .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Ding Luo could speak Chinese well Chengdu .	'Now more and more foreigners come to China
What did the company where Dick Drew work learn from its mistake ? They encouraged people spend work time thinking improving new ideas .	'They encouraged people to work a longer time .
In the later years of his life , Mark Twain must sad lost family	'wrote many stories and earned a lot of money
"How do you understand "" Point 1 - -The telephone creates the need to communicate ... "" ? People communicate since telephone created ."	"""People do n't communicate without telephone ."
The writer believes that bees dance often people	'people dance better than bees
If he wants to watch TV at home , everyone buy license year	'has to buy a television set of his own
According to relationship expert Russell , what should people do no matter whether they are savers or spenders ? They plan money .	'They should value themselves about spending money .
When the man was refused by the three Ladies , he decided to decided wear old trousers reunion	'ten the pants by himself
Which of the following statements is NOT true of the advantages of handwriting ? Handwriting impress people well build one 's self - confidence .	"""Handwriting contains the writer 's emotion ."
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? . Rob breathtaking wave riding film Soul Surfer .	'Hamilton was severely injured when surfing .
From Knobloch - Westerwick 's explaination , we can learn that . seeing tragedies makes thoughtful	'positive emotions make you think more about your relationships
"Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Obama said U. S. would "" sound stewards money invest . """	'Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao expressed his worry about the huge fund to the United States .
According to the passage , we can know that the San Andreas Fault System offers potential research faults strain accumulates	'has a greater understanding of the causes and effects of earthquakes
The main purpose of the studies done by Michael Delucchi is to find likeable teacher draws attention	"""how a likeable teacher 's teaching style is formed"
What 's the best title of the passage ? Dollar Coins Paper Bills	'Different Opinions about Coins
"The text is mainly about "" Gangnam Style "" popular even people understand"	"'how "" Gangnam Style "" becomes popular among the youths"
From the passage we can learn that keeping music would save young people 's hearing	'the damaged cells can grow back and the ear can get sound
Antigua is a city daring Pacaya tour starts	'where people can have a close - up view of the volcano
The FreedomRide is likely to be designed for child requiring freedom car	'a person hating sitting in the car for long
. Which of the following is not true ? The postman built castle help family friends .	'A little stone tripped the postman up while he was delivering mail as usual .
. What does the passage mainly tell us ? How help pets lose weight .	'How to feed pets without a crash diet .
From the passage we can infer that    Mr Czapp Jessie took photos	'sometimes foxes are better at photographing than men
Which of the following is TRUE of the facts about the author 's father ? He always faced danger working .	"""He did n't suffer a heart attack until he retired"
The author might agree that nametags help schools ' administration	'lead to some schools losing money
The woman killed her neighbor because could put longer	'she could not stand his playing the music too loud
What is implied in the passage ? Edith 's appearance prevents Neanderthal Cro - Magnon conflict .	'Timmie fails to get used to the life in his own time .
From the story we can see that young Ben Franklin liked using mind	'making kites
Which of the following is not mentioned ? They wan give leftovers servers .	'The person never packs what is left on the dining table .
According to the passage , we can infer the writer succeeded going Israel study	'spent a relaxing summer holiday in the first year
We can learn from the passage that worried joblessness .	'they both found good jobs at last .
Which of the following would be the best title for this passage ? Food Chains	'Plants
This passage mainly tells us Americans view friendship	'that people should not make friends with Americans .
To protect the environment . we should remember these three words : reduce , reuse recycle	'waste 
"Why is the word "" tuhao "" likely to be taken in Oxford English Dictionary ? Because influence becomes bigger bigger"	'Because it has the same meaning with an English word .
It can be inferred from the passage that hospitals , patient care inadequate professional point view	'compared with other hospitals 
We can infer from Eric Wolff 's words that new ice age come near future	'greenhouse effect is always a bad thing
When a population is said to be aging , people retiring entering workforce	'the birth rate in the area must be lower than that of death there
From the passage , we learn that plants eat animals	'all plants can eat people
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Afternoon best exercise 's cool .	"'You can exercise at any time .', ""It 's good for both girls and boys to do strength training ."
What is the author 's main purpose of writing the passage ? To provide information teaching .	"""To study the teacher 's behavior in the classroom ."
From the passage we learn that real virtual classrooms need trained teachers	'the majority of virtual school students in Florida are male
What would be the best title for the passage ? Anthony , successful children 's book author	"""Anthony 's popular books -- Alex Rider series"
Some people say the world is smaller than before because . Internet brings outside world closer	'all people like to search the Internet
The purpose of the passage is to bring awareness significance - reading	'call on different understandings of old books
"The writer quoted the sentence , "" There 's more to understanding a joke in a foreign language than under standing vocabulary and grammar . "" to show that understand jokes , 'd better lean culture ."	'making jokes can help you make friends with native speakers
Sometimes people could n't read easily    When tile writing done hurriedly .	"""because there were too many u 's and v 's in sonic English words ."
We can know from the passage that Finland got least 3 gold medals speed skating first Winter Olympics	'the weather destroyed the first Winter Olympics
Which is the best title of this passage ? Birthday Traditions around World	'Chinese Birthday Celebrations
Which of the following statements is RIGHT ? Both Enrico Caruso Beethoven achieved dreams music .	"'When he was young ', ' Thomas Edison always got good grades at school .', ""Levant thought Louisa May Alcott couldn ' t write any popular works ."
The primary reason for the Wells College to accept men is that enrollment rate decline	'the campus is lack of vigor and vitality
From the passage we know that most children enjoy playing computer games	'doing housework
"What does "" go Dutch "" mean ? They pay meal separately ."	'Either part will pay for the meal .
According to Atherton , what is n't a requirement for an ideal camera ? Reasonable sensor size .	'Wide - ranged zoom .
The author wanted to put her and her friend 's names in the bracelet in order to Make friend remember friendship forever .	'Give her friend a big surprise
The passage mainly tells us unusual reunion old graduates	'the success story of Tom Johnson
What is the passage mainly about ? The author 's experience working intern	'How good reporting begins with journalism interns .
"What is the purpose of setting up the "" Earth Day "" and who can do something for the Earth ? To keep earth safe clean adults kids"	'To keep the earth peaceful and beautiful by adults and kids
From the passage we can infer that Maya intelligent culturally rich people	'most Maya lived in beautiful cities
What is the purpose of social learning area provided in the library ? To enable students learn .	'To offer students access to library staff .
In Para . 5 , the Nike website and Michael Jordan are mentioned to show Facemail make shopping online much interesting	'Michael Jordan will meet people on the Nike website soon
In fact   , pigs	"""John could n't count the pigs at all"
Which of the following is Wrong ? For seven years , Earth Hour calls action climate change .	'The first Earth Hour started in 2007 in Australia .
It can be learned from the passage that The new policy discourage tourism developing .	"""People in Venice are complaining about the toursits ' behaviors ."
The main purpose in writing this text is make 32nd Art Festival known	'to announce the plan of the art festival
Bookie 's will not buy back your used textbook if cover book missing	'there are markings and notes on the pages
What is the passage mainly about ? .Different technology researched avoid car troubles .	'The improvements inside cars help to protect drivers .
What does Lifewise campaign aim to ? Encouraging Australian people avoid harm financial problems	'Helping Sydney parents find a suitable job ?
After reading this passage , we may safely conclude that old man insistent afraid failure [	"""the boy 's papa had confidence in everything"
Personal news on your blog make people easily get touch	'can make people watch out for you
Paula Reed and her family consider the hurricane a blessing because    Paula reunited stepmother three decades	'they had nothing lost after Hurricane Hanna
"What is the meaning of""the organic trend""as the words are used in the text ? Growing interest organic food"	'Better quality of organic food
Land is becoming desert little by little because people n't done scientists wish	"""plants ca n't grow there"
""" Peter Pan in Scarlet "" is about Lost Boys return Neverland adventures"	'how some children fought against the pirate - Captain Hook
"According to the text , "" loyals "" should refer to online shoppers who    matter little price charge"	'care about prices than anything else
The author 's main purpose in writing this passage was to present facts asbestos	'compare asbestos with other minerals
Rocket French Premium is intended for Students French language .	"'Language experts doing research into French .', ""Teachers who are eager to improve their students ' French ."
After Ted was brought where Brownie was trapped , he regretted following Spotty earlier	'managed to free his dog at once
Once Bird Flu takes place , that refers to problem public health	'the problem of mental health
According to the passage , Ocean Park Corporation operates successfully partly opening mainland visitors	'belongs to Hong Kong Jockey Club
This passage mainly introduces    opera house	'a mountain city
The practical method suggested here is eating many carbohydrates	'eating as little as possible
What 's the best title for this passage ? Scientists plan record people 's dreams	'Psychologists try to ask people about their dreams
From the passage , we can know Tekno provided bright future robotic puppy	'WowWee introduced its first product last year
"When did the Korean Wave start ? It started with      TV series "" Winter Sonata """	'the Korean pop songs
Why does the passage begin with questions ? To attract readers ' interest icebergs .	'To show readers icebergs are dangerous .
The study showed that far larger percentage mothers read children fathers	"'most parents want to read to their children', ""half of Britain 's parents are too busy to read to their children"
The best title for the text should be Can Small Cars Overcome Accident Fears ?	'New Law Reduces Greenhouse Gases Output
We learn from the text that shoes one wears may convey useful information including one 's emotional stability	"""be used to judge others ' personality accurately"
What 's the result after Paul Miller has jogged ? He n't look fat	'He can eat much .
Why did many people believe in the idea of Mozart Effect ? Because Mozart genius .	"'Because a study described it in the journal Nature .', ""Because Mozart 's music is enjoyable ."
"From the passage , we can see that "" coffee go "" springs Europe days"	'Europe is often a few years before trends in America
The first wave of immigrants took place because Arabs wanted hunt better development	'Arabs wanted to gain higher income
What is TRUE of Sessions ' election campaign according to the text ? Sessions election campaign close outcome .	'Sessions launched his election campaign on Sept. 22 .
We can learn from the first sentence of the passage that mobile phones popular among people	"""people admire those who do n't have mobile phones"
Why is the expansion of the underground system in Mexico City slow ? The lines involve several authorities .	'The plan to extend existing lines is impractical .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? Upper - class people trouble recognizing others ' emotion .	'Upper - class people are not skilled at everything .
Dr Johnson was late because strange man drove car away	'a strange man made it hard to drive
We can learn from the passage that the writer would like to make decorations rather Christmas trees	'forget about Christmas stories
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT TRUE ? None guests knew soup served President 's party made tomatoes .	"""All of the guests thought the soup which was prepared by the President 's cook was nice ."
Why did the writer walk out of the auction while it was going on ? He realized unable get back fishing gear .	"'He was too nervous to stay inside till the auction ended .', ""He could n't bear hearing people selling his fishing gear ."
Who should be to blame for the accident ? Both drivers involved accident .	'Marita Davies .
Why do thousands of people visit the city of Weifang in April every year ? Because enjoy colorful event .	'Because they have new styles of kites .
According to the above information , what is the right thing to do when you swim ? To keep close beach .	'To dive into unknown waters .
How did the writer try to combine into Limoges ' community ? By paying close attention local rugby team .	'By taking part in the local rugby team .
The articles published on Converge Magazine are about students ' mistakes	"""students ' college life"
What was Mrs. Blake 's hope ? To lucky customer .	'To buy something cheaper in the supermarket .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the text ? Skyfallwill last film 007 series .	'Bond first appeared on the screen about 50 years ago .
The main purpose of the text is to advise people stop animal abuse	'criticize those who abuse animals
The change in today 's parent - child relationship is new equality parents children	'more confusion among parents
Why is Anna 's brother not happy Because Anna n't want play toys .	"""Because he does n't want to follow the rules ."
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Friends friendship .	'How to make friends .
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ?    . Whooping cranes migrate spring .	"'Whooping cranes are famous for their height .', ""The pilots wear helmets and gowns to attract people 's attention ."
What is the main idea of the stext ? The description space hotels .	'Traveling in space .
Dean Kamen 's reason for starting this competition was get young people interested science technology	'to get more information about designing and building robots
What is the main purpose of this text ? To guide readers find books needed college library .	'To present readers a brief introduction to a college library .
Who is mostly to blame in the bear 's death according to the writer ? The Marsdens .	'The bear .
How did the scientists draw the conclusion that sea ice in the Arctic Ocean is melting more quickly than expected ? The scientists compared computer programs observation made satellites instruments .	'The scientists have been observing the Arctic Ocean for many years .
In the passage , we can see Herbie likes new kind tea	'Doris is drinking tea
Which is the best title for the passage ? Tips On First Days At New Job	'How to Do a Job Well
What will you do to satisfy your son 's curiosity about sea animals ? You prefer tour Bayside Hard Rock .	'You would like to rent a boat to ride with him .
The main purpose of the author is to call people big cities pay attention politeness	"""blame the schoolboys ' rude behavior towards elderly women on the tube or bus"
If people feel lonely for a long time , likely fall ill	"""they wo n't feel happy anymore"
"The text suggests that Zhao Wenxuan became famous movie star film "" Wedding Feast """	"'"" Wedding Feast "" is just an ordinary film"
Which is the best title for the passage ? Dream schools	'Schools in the past
Which of the following is True according to the passage ? He helped team win match playing basketball .	'Zac Efron was laughed at because he was the most foolish guy in the class
In the Roman Empire many people were employed as guards to prevent thieves stealing salt	'watch people carrying salt
What do many single people in Paris complain about ? The difficulty meeting people .	'The idea of supermarket dating .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Roosegaarde confident project .	'Roosegaarde has designed an electric car .
According to the description of the passage , what is an insect robot like ? An insect chip body .	'An insect made of a certain metal .
The best title for the passage is probably First - time author wins children 's fiction prize	'Tom Becker-- a great writer for children
What 's the author 's greatest gift ? Both sisters .	'The friendship of her different friends .
The Indians gave Columbus food and water because they believed Columbus man mysterious power	"""were interested in Columbus ' trip"
According to the passage , Mary Boust suggests that mixed school better choice boys	"""the IOE 's researches were suspected"
How did Louis Braille invent Braille ? He invented Braille based cryptography French captain .	'He studied blind people in the university and invented a writing system for them .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Songkran takes place 13th 15th April .	'Sandy can celebrate her favorite festival by pouring water on each other .
Some people suggest building a database containing everyone 's DNA because would help police identify suspects efficiently accurately	'it would mean fewer people commit crimes .
According to the text , which of the following is the reason why a cat licks paws ? Licking paws make cat remain calm clear mind .	'Licking paws will make a cat happy and energetic .
According to the passage , which of the following would be the best way to help you sleep well ? Forming good living habits .	'Taking some sleeping pills every day .
What is special about the TIME bank we each have ? The time surely get lost n't use .	'Someone puts $ 86 
What is special about the Bibliotheca Alexandrina ? It took 10 years rebuid	'It is the most influential library in the world
The time difference between two time zones is one hour	'twenty - four hours
What can we learn from the text ? 123456 common leaked password 2013 2014 .	'Hackers leaked many more passwords in 2014 .
What can we infer from the passage ? It 's important follow advisors ' advice .	"""College students need n't worry about money ."
According to the passage , the failure of the game E.T. may have    led fall video game industry	'destroyed the reputation of the film E.T.
We can learn from the passage that cities stories	'the cities are all capital cities now
How do you know to pass an examination ? Work hard every day year .	'Work hard many days in a year .
What is probably talked about before this passage ? The benefits vitamins bring health .	"""How many vitamins a person 's body needs ."
Car - Free Day in China will attract people join	'be held all the year round
What can we conclude from the passage ? Genetics less important environment gaining one 's IQ .	"""Attention from parents has little effect on a child 's IQ ."
The passage is mainly about ways choose safer pet food	'the increasingly serious problem about food safety
The recent study shows blind people are better at telling locations distant sounds	'the sources of loud sounds
The passage shows that Mother cold surface kind heart daughter	'Mother was too serious about her daughter in words
What belief does the writer most probably hold ? Goals set short term long term .	"'The higher goals we set ', "" the more success we 'll achieve"
From the passage , we know the followings are right EXCEPT In writer 's early teens , thing cared dad .	"""The writer 's father thought the girl 's father was stupid ."
What does the passage mainly tell us ? The process Emily Tina 's finding fairy .	'Emily and Tina found a tinkling sound when they were playing in the yard .
Which is the best title of the passage ? Suggestions How Build More Meaningful Career	'Find Out Your Natural Talents and Make a Success .
If a baby is really interested in a particular toy , baby keep toy shows interest another one	"""the parents can buy this toy from Pope ' company at a lower price"
What is the main idea of the passage ? Scientists new plan protect Venice sinking .	'Venice is a city with a long history .
Who is most affected by the parent - teacher relationship ? The child	"'The parents .', ""The child 's friends ."
The author called the West Point Museum because he thought jacket might collected museum	"'the jacket was made there', ""the jacket 's owner worked there"
What is the main idea of the passage ? Parents ' dreams different form children 's .	"""Many reasons cause the change of children 's dreams ."
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? Sophia play violin well .	'Maria lives in New York City .
The person sitting next to the old man was young person 's father	"""the young person 's mother"
What is the main purpose of the campaign in UK ? To encourage children play outdoors .	'To save 30 minutes for watching TV programme each day .
Where did the policeman stop the old man ? Near old man 's home .	'At the traffic lights
On the first day , though writer anxious , soon relaxed	"'he made many new friends ', "" but he did n't remember any of their names"
W at can we know about Love 146 ? It   focuses child trafficking .	'It is run by Tom 
When the writer was allowed to enter the only key school in his hometown , mother n't say word cry	'he decided to study hard from then on
The example of Coles Bay is to show that people take serious actions deal plastic bag problem	'people begin to realise the harm of using plastic bags
What do we know about the shelves on Goodreads . com ? That people put books read want read	'They are filled with all kinds of books from some libraries .
"The sentence "" almost every mile was marked by the overturn of a carriage "" suggests that road condition really poor"	'the coaches were of poor quality
According to the passage , Rajput heritage one heritages India	'is a famous fort in India
When you want a new cell phone , you are advised to sell old one Simply Selluar reasonable price	'keep the old one in house to add your collections
It can be inferred that scientists must cautious cross ethical boundaries	'people should be careful when creating talking apes
From the passage , we can learn that products media mentioned make kids interested geography .	"""do n't lose Hugg - A - Planet "
What has the 20-year study found ? Social skills play key role children 's development .	"""Helpful children understand other 's feeling better ."
Drew Barrymore can be a Hollywood legend mainly because n't give even met difficulties	'she was born form a family that produced great actors
What is the article mainly about ? The life Dave Thomas .	"'The dream of Dave Thomas .', 'The schooling of Dave Thomas .', ""The growth of Dave Thomas 's business"
It can be concluded from the passage that orangutans nearly smart children young ages	'orangutans are the animals with thick shell
"Some experts suggest re - inventing a "" garden city "" because increasing urbanization takes place China"	'it is the only model way to save the cities
We can infer from the article that author realizes teach children example well	"""the author 's mother knows how to get rid of the wildlife in her yard"
A freelance writer can easily get a job from any country mainly because of Internet	'the job opportunities available
Parents do n't pay their babies ' hospital bills because n't enough money	"'they would rather save cancer patients', ""doctors do n't care if the babies die"
From the brochure we can infer that students learn think solve problems creatively learn teamwork	'the Camp offers students accommodation during their two - week stay at the Camp
According to the text , which of the following statements is TRUE ? Thousands people worldwide benefited Rocket French Premium .	'The Rocket French course lasts for 6 days .
What happened to Olivia Priedeman ? She read text message friend asleep .	'She dreamed of making plans with a friend .
The device WinSenga is intended to improve health care pregnant women	'promote the heart rate of pregnant women
It is inferred from the passage that Patti Page successful singer also actress	"'Patti Page gave up singing in public in her late life', ""Patti Page 's gift for music began to be shown in her childhood"
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The farmer 's family friends	'The others helped the farmer kill the cow .
What do you know about Emily ? She always played writer .	"""She did n't like the dresses at all ."
From the passage we can learn that Gardners ' story moving one happy ending	'the Chinese student studying in the US must be from Fuzhou
What is the best title for this passage ? How make dog exercise cold weather	'Walk dogs in the cold weather
What 's the advantage of living in the town ? There n't much pollution .	'There are no cars and buses .
The doctor told him to throw dog away	'buy another dog
According to this passage the writer thinks America 's education better China 's	'Chinese students at the lower grades should have more homework
What is making large numbers of students take agriculture courses ? People increasingly concerned food security .	'Many colleges are offering agriculture courses .
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Many people feel optimistic time get better .	'the last full week of January is the most depressing time of year .
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? It long people know birdsong something beautiful .	"""We call the songs of birds ' sounds because there is beauty that sounds pleasant to the ears ."
What does Obama accuse Republicans of according to the passage ? They tend put benefit ahead Americans ' .	"""They do n't know what Americans are in need of ."
Why did Mary make her mother go a long way ? The school bus always went way .	"'She wanted to stay with her mother longer .', ""She did n't want to get to school to early ."
Which of the following is WRONG ? There 're websites web .	"'"" WWW "" means "" World Wide Web "" .', ""The Internet has changed people 's lives ."
Which of the following is true about Peguilly d'Herbemont ? She led typical aristocrat life young .	'Though she could travel around Europe 
What did Ryan Howell want to find out by doing another study ? Whether materialists happy first make purchases .	'How to judge whether a person is a materialist .
Research suggests that women better telling less serious lies men	'generally lie for more than men do
How did the two burglars get into the museum ? The security guards opened door .	'They broke into the museum .
Which of the following is not teachers ' point of view ? School libraries ca n't provide good books lack money .	'Children are prevented from reading widely enough in school .
Which is the right order of the overall rankings of the American presidents ? Abraham Lincoln , Bill Clinton , Richard Nixon , George W. Bush	'George Washington 
The main purpose of the text is to show us popularity emoji	'promote the emoji worldwide
What 's the main idea of the passage ? A fourteenyearold girl saved accident crash .	"""A little girl 's braveness moved people ."
Mr. Jackson had to use the gesture because wanted foreign visitors understand	"'he wanted to learn the foreign languages from the visitors', ""he hoped to know the foreign visitors ' custom"
China issued the stamps to celebrate success	'give them to Yang Liwei as a reward
What 's the text mainly about ? How make plans giving presents .	'How to teach kids money - management skills .
Which is TRUE about sleeping time ? The time need sleep related state mind .	"""Experts ' guideline for sleeping time applies to all the people ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? You better turn attention away delicious foods .	'Drinking some water or soup before eating helps you eat less .
The best title for this passage is A Modern Tale Two Cities	'The Similarity of Two Cities
What 's the main idea of the text ?     Each pupil gets online tutor .	'Children feel very confident online .
Which of the following statements is true ? Ethiopia long way go improve health facilities .	'Ethiopian children benefit from its fastest economy growing .
The whole passage suggests that     author humorous person	'the author has to work from home
What did the five campers do when they saw a group of apelike creatures ? They quickly ran back house locked door .	'They fought with the creatures by throwing rocks at them .
Which of the following does NOT give readers a clue   that the couple were telling white lies ? Delia said must give music lessons make ends meet .	"'Joe washed what seemed to be a great deal of dark paint from his hands .', ""Delia 's right wrist was tied up in a shapeless bundle of wraps and bandages ."
The research of the four scientists was based on lava different explosions area	'the presence of the lava from the surface
The story tells us sometimes n't care others say	'you should wear the wrong shoes for your feet
Which of the following is different from the others according to Ji Xianlin ? European - American culture .	'Chinese culture .
According to the passage , the parents of kids with no ambition feel pain ambitions connected success	"""do n't do a very good job teaching them to walk"
What makes Mrs. Rhodes write The Final Curtsey ? She wants present life world royal family private real way .	'She wishes to earn enough money to buy the royal farm .
Jules Hirsch 's study'found that big weight loss could lead mental problems	"""a person 's weight can be decided by their parents ' weight"
The Prince never smiled again because      killed faithful friend Gelert	'the wolf was killed by Gelert
The author got into some bad habits because n't parents teach	"""he did n't listen to his teacher "
Which of the following opinions may Richard Tunney NOT agree with ? People friends sure unhappy .	'Our friends can make us happy .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? The school children 's parents allowed stay children school .	'The students have resumed classes in a new school .
Which aquarium opened again after its rebuilding ? The Adventure Aquarium .	'The Monterey Bay Aquarium .
According to the story , the birthday present for the girl was actually decided on by dog Fritz	'the young man
According to the passage , which of the following are governments most worried about ? The diseases disability older people .	'The longer life and good health of people .
Why do many people like to eat out ? Because eat quickly .	'Because these people feel bored at home .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Los Angeles allows us visit Disneyland enjoy almost everything .	"'Napa Valley will bring us a wonderful shopping and dining experience .', ""San Francisco Bay Area is California 's most popular wine growing region ."
The main idea of the last passage is that better ways found help poor children	'the early childhood education is very necessary
What can we learn according to the text ? Smaller plants produce seeds higher rate bigger counterparts .	'Larger plant species limit the number of smaller ones around them .
"We can learn from the passage that the expression "" Where 's the beef ? "" means that used something good said ."	'the beef in hamburgers is not as much as it is said to be .
Which of the following is NOT true ? The writer travelling alone happily .	'The writer left Yangzhou for Beijing by train at night .
Which statement is NOT right according to the passage ? Obama published open letter daughters newspaper .	'Obama wants every child in America happy .
What is the best title of the news report ? 3 UN staff kidnapped Kabul	'Successful Presidential Election in Afghan
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? The best place view creations TV Tower Satoland site .	'There are long snow and ice slides made of snow at the Satoland site .
In order to take advantage of smart home technology , people need ordinary electronics appliances	'have to buy consumer products from a special manufacturer
From Paragraph 4 , we can infer that Romans played positive part popularity spas	'spas have a history of about 200 years
What is the best title for the text ? Work Your Mind	'The Best Way to Learn
The following are thought to have made contributions to the popularity of online shoppingEXCEPT advertising companies	'internet companies
"The policeman who said "" Good evening "" to Rolls wanted to car ride experience"	'teach Rolls a lesson
The passage mainly discusses reasons football popular sport world	'how to play football
If you arrive there at 3 o'clock one afternoon in July , you can visit all of the following except Palace State rooms	"""Queen 'S Gallery"
According to the author , what is the most annoying problem caused by cellphones ? Cellphones interrupt people 's private time .	'People get so obsessed   with the cellphone rings that they fail to notice anything else .
After school Jane always late go home	'comes home early
What is the best title for this passage ? Does eCommerce Success Mean Physical Stores Will Disappear ?	"'Is Offline Spending Greater Than Online Spending ?', ""Online Stores V.S. Physical Stores -- What 's the Difference ?"
The writer would agree that without maths 'll miss much life	"""it 's normal that America kids are weak in maths"
Which of the following is Not rue about Ian Rankin ? It Rankin witnessed JK Rowing    writing Edinburgh criminal detective novels .	'Most of the stories in his novels happened in the    historic Scottish city .
What can we learn from the passage ? Sometimes biggest weakness may become biggest strength	'If we are not afraid of our opponent 
What can be known about Reader 's Digest from the passage ? Reader 's Digestwas first private - owned later public - owned .	"""Reader 's Digestonly published shortened or general books ."
Radiation can lead to serious trouble even at the lowest level damages cells	'when it kills a few cells
The woman wants to see Henry 's mother	'Henry himself
What does the writer intend to tell us ? The whole Great Britain enjoying Murray 's victory .	"'Scotland is going to gain independence from Britain', ""The secret lies behind Murray 's Wimbledon victory ."
What 's the best title for the passage ? The Beginning Rock Roll	"'Different Kinds of Music', ""Elvis 's Contribution   to Music"
There are few overseas visitors to Kanas because transportation Kanas convenient enough	'scenery in Kanas is not attractive enough
What is Avatar ? It 's movie .	"""It 's a kind of 3D projector ."
The author had to spend the night at Peters ' because friends sleepover party	'she was offered the nightdress
What is surprising about the standard of the clothing industry ? It different men 's clothing women 's .	'It works better with men than with women .
The main purpose of the passage is to describe attractions living Bangkok foreign business people	"""explain the reasons for Bangkok 's rapid economic growth over the past 30 years"
What 's the main idea of the text ? New limits advertising foods schools set .	"'Having a balanced diet in schools is important .', ""It 's Michelle 's duty to make sure schools are safe places ."
The cup is     Helen '	"""Alice ' s"
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Valentine 's cards changed .	"""It is said that Duke of Orleans sent the first Valentine 's card to his wife ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? No better resolution problems thought .	'The mayor of the town wants to build a new cemetery against federal regulation .
"It can be inferred that "" stith "" was the sound made by mother bird"	'the little birds out of the nest
What is the passage mainly about ? The threat cell phone viruses .	'The operating system of cell phones .
Neil Pasricha determined to post positive feelings or things on his blog because daily bad news broken marriage saddened	'he wanted to forget his marriage life
The pupils are      cleaning classroom	'cleaning the window
When her family arrived in America in 1987 , life hard	"""they lived by selling Alexandra 's paintings"
Why do they want to raise money ? To help poor children go school .	'To build schools .
The artist invited the beggar to take a taxi home with him so that could pay money return meal	'the beggar could pay for the taxi home
According to the passage , what will happen if we hold that science is getting beyond control ? The public lose faith bringing bright future .	'The development of science will hopelessly slow down .
Newport thought many people tried to break Guinness records because could known greatest world .	'their names be kept in the world records .
What do we know about the writer ? She two children family .	'She used to show her love to Kevin .
Mona can wear school uniform school	'be late for school
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Mo 's works best China .	'Mo Yan and Guan Moye refer to the same person .
Which of the following is true according to the ads above ? Those experience office work better chance get job secretary .	'The owner of the stereo will never sell his stereo at a price less than $ 200 .
What did the bird catcher get at last ? Nothing .	'Two birds .
The main idea of the passage is to give advice making trip Magic Kingdom	'introduce the history of the Magic Kingdom
What is the best title of the text ? Facebook : used half UK population	"""Facebook 's referrals bring benefits"
All the officers cried because greatly touched poem	'Jay Brunkella was shot and died
The main topic of this passage is development rock roll music	'the history of American music
We can infer from the passage that author 's history teacher went library together	"""the author did n't work hard during his first week in college"
From the article , we learn that girl 15 right alone boyfriend .	'an unmarried girl must come back home for the night .
What can we infer from the finding ? Most Native Americans got DNA legacy passed six women .	'The six mothers probably lived on the present islands in North America .
Which is true about Autom according to the passage ? Autom act coach help lose weight .	'The price of this robot is very high .
Young people will feel competent when supported parents treatment	'recognizing their problems
The young man returned to the doctor 's office the next day because still could n't go sleep night	'he wanted to ask the doctor how to count the numbers
One cause of this phenomenon is that advancing technology makes people busy	'modern technology brings people much trouble
From the story we know man n't tell Mrs. Curie way	'Mrs. Curie lives in Paris
Microsoft grew at a time when Personal Computers every desk every home	"""' smart phones ' connect people to Internet"
What can we know about the author from the passage ? His father far - reaching influence .	'He started LivingSocial when he was still a student of Georgetown            University .
What is the text mainly about ? How deal problems .	'How to find problems .
What 's the main idea of the passage ? What 's headache effect .	'Specialists know what a headache is .
Which of the following refers to tragedies ? Light Snow & Breaking Ground	'Light on Snow & In the Shadow of No Towers
What does the passage mainly tell us ? The mimic job	'The mimic and his success
Why have n't some people discovered the worth of family life ? They never enjoyed family life .	'They grow in a happy family .
Dr. Bruce believes that short bursts stress hormones increase memory function	"""a person 's memory is determined by the level of hormones in his body"
It can be inferred that the aim of the dogsled trip is to raise awareness damage climate change causing polar regions	'encourage young people to explore the Arctic
Who gets very angry ? Sam .	"""Sam 's wife ."
What is the best title of this passage ? Men talk ; women talk ; talk together ?	'How a man makes a good impression to a woman
What do people think of the Internet ? Most people think bright future .	"""All the people do n't think highly of it ."
What does the passage mainly discuss ? How use mind disease .	'How suggestion therapy benefits adults and children .
Which of the following is not true according to the passage ? Those strong number sense sure well math .	'Everyone has an inborn number sense .
Before having a short nap , participants of the experiment were asked to experience experiment try remember something	'stay in a different place in the maze
What information can we learn from the program ? You book program advance online .	'There is no limit to the age of participants .
We can learn from this passage that surfing Internet attractive west	'many other things interest western people
The passage mainly shows that people different countries welcomed New Year different ways .	'New Year has been the starting point for people to have dreams .
John is n't very happy because n't river near new house .	"""there is n't a big park"
Which of the following can be the best title for the passage ? Music behavior	'Music in restaurants
What 's the main reason for big cities to build their own recycling plants ? To deal wastes better way .	'To get big profits from those plants .
What does the company of LifeGem do ? It uses hair make jewels .	'It buys shining hair .
Which of the following is NOT right ? The Big Bang Theory tries convey smart means everything .	'House of Cards is pirated more in China than other countries .
What happened to the blind boy after the man wrote the words on the sign ? More people dropped money boy 's hat	'The boy was taken away by the police
By studying the dead tree rings , the scientist discovered people leave	'.where the people had left .
Who would be most interested in the above ads ? Student film makers .	'Famous film makers .
What did the Brazilian president promise in his speech ? The Rio Olympics unforgettable games .	"""The world will recognize Rio 's success ."
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? You 'll dial 65188123 book ticket film .	"'Both adults and children can take part in the walk in Pinggu .', ""Even you do n't know English you can enjoy Cala "
What is the text mainly about ? How use e - books wisely .	'Why e - readers are popular among children .
What can we infer from the text ? Plant cloning disturb laws nature .	'The fruits produced by cloned plants taste much better .
From the text we can see that Powell 'S explorations caused creation US Geological Survey	'Harvard   University gave Powell much support for his exploration
How does the robotic Einstein make the muscle movements ? . Some software directs tiny motors .	'It begins to do that after learning how to smile .
What 's the best title for this passage ? Learning dream	'What dreams stand for
Why did the author think dropping out was a good decision ? He could follow passion .	"""He did n't have to attend classes any more ."
What do we know from Ron Kim 's words ? Asian culture part American society .	"""He 's opposed to the new school holiday ."
Who contributes to campus unhappiness ? young people well society blame .	"'young students who are all spoiled and expecting too much .', ""our society that ca n't offer enough jobs to college graduates ."
What can we infer from the passage ? The new engine needs improved 's sale .	"""The new invention does n't need any fuel ."
What had Rihanna released before she was seventeen ? An album least one single .	'An album but no singles .
The writer mentions home as workshop because parents make food necessity daily - life	'fathers often pursue employment at home
Why did most people return the phones ? They wanted trusted .	'They knew they belonged to the researchers .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Good Sleep Helps Fight Cold	'The Relationship Between Virus and Cold
Why are girls forced to eat a lot of food in Mauritania ? They believe grow fat , may possibly marry good husbands .	"""They believe that fat people wo n't get HIV / AIDS ."
From the passage , we can know small talk important many people	'the weather in England is very cold
Which of the following may NOT be the reason why so many people accept foreign festivals ? Foreign festivals longer histories Chinese ones	'People can relax themselves .
What can be the best title of the passage ? Enjoy Slow - Reading	'Enjoy Speed - reading
When Lynn applied for the job , she n't know much typing	'could speak good English
According to the text , Sam Walton one successful businessmen	'is more successful than Bill Gates
What would be the best title for the passage ? TV Will Better World	'TV Will Rule the World
"What is the probable meaning of the sentence "" gaps remain in what each sex does online "" ? There slight difference numbers men women online US ."	'There are some difference between men and women in the US .
The wide use of digital video recorders placed TV advertising great disadvantage .	'has made TV advertising easily accessible to viewers
What can we learn from the passage ? Pay attention safety information online .	'Remember never use your ID Card on the Internet .
Why did the woman cry when seeing her son had broken the azalea bush ? Because made bad mood even worse .	'Because her son did not ask her for permission .
The SAWBO program is introduced in order to raise farmers ' standard living	'do some research on mobile phones
Grandma 's diabetes brought about all the following EXCEPT that Daniel sent back father	'her eyes and her kidneys were affected
When did the work on the statue begin ? After Bartholdi saw Bedloe 's Island .	'As soon as Bartholdi thought of it .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Sherry Wesley worked building cleaned Emma .	'The homeless man gave 50 dollars to thank Sherry Wesley .
Which of the following is true ? The shape word makes exclamation mark .	'A long pause comes after question mark .
What 's the writer 's purpose in writing this passage ? To ask students ' suggestions share suggestions .	'To ask students to study harder than ever before .
What is special about Samuel Osmond ? He play musical piece hears .	'He has a gift for writing music .
By mentioning the names of the trees , the author aims to show that kids learned much knowledge	'the kids like playing in trees
It can be inferred from the text that active body language helps lot interview	'knowledge plays a key role in an interview
By mentioning the defeat of Lee Sedol , the author intends to tell us that power computers growing frightening rate	'computers can completely replace humans in everything
Which statement is true according to the text ? The people trained period ten years .	'This kind of training can only have effect on people for a few years .
""" Your body has close relations with the food you eat . "" It really means that eat great effect health"	'all kinds of food you eat can be made into your body
A snow ranger uses very powerful guns create avalanche .	'to warn skiers of an approaching avalanche .
The dinner threw the writer deeper into disappointment mainly because childishly expected act way Americans table	'her father reached his chopsticks to pick fish for her
What can be inferred from the text ? Even thank -- notes may determining factor getting good college put good light .	"'You will be admitted early into a top college if you are good at writing thank - you notes .', ""The writer does n't think writing a note will help anyone get admitted into a good college ."
We can learn from the text that similar studies Dutch study	"'researchers have concluded that eating chocolate can lead to better health', ""It 's too early to say eating too much chocolate makes you gain weight"
What is the passage mainly about ? Some words used differently British English American English .	"'The British way of using words .', ""Some new words the writer 's British friends taught her ."
What can we know about Hong Kong from the FAQs ? Hong Kong safe place visitors .	'Visas are required for most visitors to Hong Kong .
During the week of great excitement the Venusian scientists succeeded in getting important information on whether they can land satellite Venus astronauts Earth	'make a firstrate flying saucer
Which of the following would be the best title ? A Booming Online Shopping Hub	'The Taobao Messenger
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Zhao Lei finds easy group buying .	"'Zhao Lei has to spend about 800 yuan on group buying per month .', 'Zhao Lei never surfs at other directory sites for group buying .', ""Zhao Lei ca n't buy food coupons to eat at a nice restaurant ."
From the passage we can infer that they might    discuss murder	"""meet Spence 's family"
Based on the report , which of the following is true about GLA Electronics ' earnings in 2014 ? The successful quarter fourth .	'The first half ofe year saw the most earnings .
After reading the passage , we can infer that China use 5 G network technology transportation .	'China is No.1 in 5 G network technology .
Which of the following is true according to the text ? Obese smokers likely suffer cancer .	'Obese smokers are less likely to suffer from cancer .
What is the text mainly about ? English around world .	'The wide use of English .
Which do you think is the best to be a good boss at the office ? Being loved feared .	'Always using carrots .
"What does "" An apple a day keeps the doctor away "" mean ? If eat apple every day , 'll healthy ."	'The doctor goes away when he sees an apple .
What did scientists find in September 2010 ? A planet water .	'A planet similar to the earth .
What is the passage mainly concerned with ? Some people 's inability enjoy music .	"""Amusics ' strange behaviours ."
What is the text mainly about ? Winners Intel Science Talent Search US .	"""Three winners ' contributions to science and math ."
The author shows a preference for Calla by analyzing plots book	'comparing her with Jax
Why did Marc call to complain about his lunch ? Because n't find note lunch box .	"""Because he did n't like the taste of the lunch ."
The best title for this passage is     Why women live longer men	'Women are different from men
Which of the following is TRUE according to text ? Visitors go hiking winter Crater Lake .	'Peyto Lake is very clean .
On Sundays you should visit River City Marketplace at 6:30 p.m.	'10:00 a.m.
Why does the person have to give up leisure hours in the example of buying a car ? Because work extra hours get money .	'Because he has to spend some time in the car .
Why did n't she allow the dog on the bed with her ? The author n't mention reason .	'Because the dog was too dirty .
Who is Mary ? Jane 's classmate .	"""Jane 's PE teacher ."
Which    is true ? The food shop next supermarket .	'Linda goes to school by car .
According to the author , what opinion do most ESL students hold ? Grammar important English learning .	"'Grammar matters a lot only in speaking .', ""Grammar does n't matter much in speaking ."
What 's the best title for the article ? World Book Day Advantages Reading .	'World Book Day in England .
Which is NOT mentioned according to the passage ? The writer father 's friend .	"'The father \'s parents used to say "" I wish you enough "" ."
While at high school , the writer plans reading	'only read books over 100 pages
What 's the best titile of the passage ? The Little Boat That Sailed Through Time	'The Little Boat And My Wife
What might be the best title for the passage ? See US Only Locals Know	'How to Increase International Tourism
From the passage , we learn that Yao Ming 's fans take Lin great role model	'the New York Knicks has never been defeated
If you want to study in the Open University , you need willingness learn	'a good study habit
What does the passage mainly discuss ? The impact language mathematics .	"""Children 's ability to learn languages ."
Dr. Ludke believes that foreign language learning can be supported by using listen - - repeat singing method	'listening to all kinds of famous music
Which of the following is a late marriage ? A man 26 woman 23	'A man of 25 with a woman of 22 .
What can both international graduates and undergraduates get from the club ? Friday night free transportation .	'A free meal at the Rita House .
What is the main idea ? Planting trees help world .	'The Sahara Desert is in Africa .
What did Camara do after killing the woman ? He called report dead body .	'He called the hospital to save the woman .
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? All sprouts taste best early stage growth .	'Sprouts of seeds for planting in the garden may not be safe to eat .
Which of the following programs is most suitable for team work ? The Great Debate School Program	'Self - led Activities
The Abecedarian Project has lasted 20 years	'almost one year
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? The role model way effect children choose eat .	"'Changing your eating environment is more effective than understanding nutrition in order to eat healthier .', ""Setting up our kitchens just like the slim person 's will help us eat healthier ."
From the passage , we still do n't know financial crisis end	'when the financial crisis began
From the passage we can learn that France successfully controlling road accidents	"'France has a very poor record of road safety', ""we 'd better ignore the evidence that speed cameras save lives"
What do we know about oiled birds ? They probably water birds .	'They are called oiled birds because they can produce oil .
Which of the following is most likely to happen after the combination . P&G produce attracts men .	'P&G will be shut off this autumn .
There is much pollution from the cars today because people drive big cars	'the cars go 65 kilometers an hour
Now we know facts moon	'nothing about the moon
Papousek noticed in his studies that a baby would continue simple movements without given milk	'would make learned responses when it saw the milk
What does the passage mainly talk about ? How sleep space	'How to live in space
If you do n't have enough money to buy toys for your dog , you should find something suitable play	'remember toys are important to your dog
More measures will be taken except improving quality coal natural gas market	"""further optimizing the country 's industrial and energy structure        ."
How do publishers get money from the Net Library ? They share money Net Library .	'They get money from selling their books to the Net Library
What 's the best title of the passage ? Homeless Man Returned Diamond Ring	'Generous Woman Changed Her Own Life
Which of the following statements is TRUE about the job market now ? There job opportunities offered .	"'The job markets are becoming more and more competitive .', ""Many graduate students are n't satisfied with the working conditions ."
What might be the best title for the passage ? Science Its Functions	'Science 
The main idea of the whole passage is that different fruits grow different weather	'orange trees usually grow where it is cold
The mouse potato refers to person spends much time computer	'a mouse that lives by potatoes
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Retired army officers seldom gave money .	'Most of the ladies were willing to give him money .
For a reader , the most important is to get benefits books .	'buy some cheap books easily .
What 's the best title for the text ? Safety Concerns Associated Hot yoga	'The New Trend of Exercise -- Hot Yoga
The author mentions the joke to show Chicago 's streets extremely muddy	'horses were fairly useful in Chicago
If both eyes are too badly damaged , we can treat them none mentioned method	'by taking cells from a healthy eye and growing them in a dish
Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? Rainbow lorikeets usually fly back home group evening .	"'Rainbow lorikeets are big birds .', ""Rainbow lorikeets do n't eat meat ."
What can we learn about Professor Derk - Jan Kijk 's experiment ? His volunteers divided two groups two different sleeping patterns .	'The experiment was carried out to find the answer to how genes affect sleep .
From Flyball Dogs , we know that relay race four hurdles done four dogs team	'a long race with four hurdles spaced 10 feet apart by a dog
If you want to have a good time on Sunday mornings , you can go to    Coffee Shop	'Lansdowne Park Shopping Centre
Every year in the United States there are people injured accidents constantly ill	'more people die in accidents than of illness
What is China 's most urgent problem to be deal with in rescue work according to the passage ? Lack professional equipment .	'Lack of international cooperation .
Which of the following is true about rainbows ? It possible us see rainbows rainy days well sunny days .	'Rainbows once destroyed the earth in history .
From the passage we know The boy realized wrong .	"""Benzei was n't really a good teacher ."
What 's the purpose of the writer to write this passage ? To share worries using mail us	'To share happiness in using mail with us
Parents are advised to use a pedometer together with their kids because allow kids fun competition	'they can give their kids some advice about walking
Humans may live longer in the future because human organs repaired new medicine	'human brains can decide the final death
What is the best title for the passage ? Is blood ?	'Is the blood - type theory changeable ?
"What does the writer say about "" nightmares "" ? People suffer sleep frequent ."	"""It is nothing and should n't be taken seriously ."
If a European will buy telecom products from a single service provider , what will be the result ? It becomes difficult fight big companies ' control .	'Competition will become fierce in the telecom field .
How can snake robots work best , according to the passage ? When designed particular tasks .	'When they carry tiny cameras 
Laura Bush must be wife American President	'the first woman to support TV - Turnoff Week
Which is WRONG according to the passage ? The disciplines mentioned competitions .	"""Water skiing helps build up one 's strength ."
We can infer from the passage that difficult get rid killer bees	'killer bees will take the place of European bees before long
What can we infer   from the passage ? The swan better long - distance flying crow .	"""The crow did n't know flying ."
When did Scrooge meet three spirits ? On 3 different nights Christmas .	'At Christmas Eve .
Which of the following is Not true according to the passage ? Spring break common US .	'Spring break can help students to gain new experiences beyond the campus walls .
What can be inferred from the text ? It 's dangerous people visit Taal Lake .	"'Few people go to visit Tall Lake .', ""The Taal Volcano is the world 's smallest volcano ."
"Dr Roller set up a "" sun - cure "" school probably for the reason that children could study treated"	'most children could stay in his hospital
Avanti wanted to help the young man , so helped young man trouble	'he would pay for the money instead of the young man
It can be inferred from the passage that employee may feel troubled monitored office	'employees should delete their own emails at once to keep them secret
What can be the best title for the text ? The Tales Coffee	"'The Secret of Coffee', ""People 's Love for Coffee"
The passage is mainly about relationship husband wives today .	'the division of husbands 
What can be inferred from the text ? There similarities games .	'All the games used the same number of dice .
Which of the following is TRUE about Michelle Obama and her family ? She aware parents ' sacrifices expectations .	'Her parents were poor but had good educational backgrounds .
The passage mainly talks about keep healthy trip	'traveling development
Why did n't Mrs. Morris come to live with her daughter 's family ? Because good relationship son - - law .	'Because she was in rather poor health and could not come .
Which of the following is not true ? Mr Peterson likes playing computer games .	'Mr Peterson is a very good English teacher .
Which of the following can be the best title of the text ? Miracle rescue icy river	'Drive rounding a U - turn
The purpose of this passage is to show importance healthy eating tricks eating	'describe a good diet book
We can learn from the passage that mirror neurons relate human behavior interaction	'control human physical actions and feelings
For most people happiness seems passing quickly because let changing outer circumstances affect	'they hope that even greater happiness will come
The ending (   ) of story may be Alice meet monster	'Alice will not meet the monster
In the eyes of the author , a single - sex school would encourage boys express emotions freely	"'force boys to hide their emotions to be "" real man """
It can be inferred from what Denis Park says that mental performance improved	'mental ability is determined entirely by brain structure
"By saying "" but they are nothing like their wild cousins "" , the writer means that n't know hunt kill"	'they are no longer feared by other wild animals
The writer thinks 'd better use people instead computers everyday life	'we should not use computers because they always make mistakes
What would be the best title for the text ? Unlocking Doors History	'The Pyramid of the Sun
What was the main reason for air pollution in London ? People burnt much coal houses .	'There were too many factories in the city .
Which statement is NOT the reason why the Politechnic decided to use only English in class ? Italian widely used .	'Many graduates work abroad .
"What can we learn from the passage ? The word""celebrate""can remind writer enjoy life ."	'The writer has a vacation with his family every four years .
Harry 's parents do all instead of him because hope spends time studies	"""he 's too young"
What would be the best title of the passage ? A young climber follows dream	'Rock climbing gains popularity
The chief objective of the first of the six reports is to find lack health insurance	'explain why certain groups of people lack health insurance
Which is NOT the reason why Brighton is famous ? In 1786 , George IV decided build house .	'In Brighton you can satisfy your appetite for shopping .
It can be inferred that in America people think olive oil healthier others	'most people prefer canola oil than olive oil
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? It 's good idea learn speak English accent listening English songs .	"'Most people think it is convenient to learn English by listening to English songs .', ""It 's hard for people to improve their listening skills by listening to English songs ."
What is stressed in the ad ? The coin high quality worth collecting .	'Limited supplies guarantee a stable price of the coin .
Which of the following can be put in however , people accepted story	'all the people said they had seen the animal
What is Mr Han 's advice to Jack ? To eat meat take medicine .	'To eat more meat and take the medicine .
What can we know from the passage ? Mr Tamang still live small house near future .	"'Charles Ford gave the apartments to Mr Tamang .', ""Charles Ford could n't see or speak before his death ."
According to the text , which of the following is TRUE of Kiger ? Now appears soccer field .	'She has recovered from her physical injury .
It can be inferred from the passage that w hat color prefer depends state mind	'blind people can not sense color differences
Why did the airline company give Lieberman the job ? He could cook cheap , delicious simple meals .	'He could prepare meals in a small kitchen .
What is the main advantage of slow parenting according to the passage ? Helping children independent .	"""Arousing children 's curiosity ."
Why did the villagers go to the town ? They wanted sell salt buy food .	'They wanted to buy some salt and food
What result did the researchers find out ? Apples antioxidants kill chemicals cause aging .	"'Apples produce chemicals that can change human genes .', ""Apples are rich in vitamins that are needed in humans ' bodies ."
"The sentence in this passage "" He was everything to me "" means I used depend everything life"	'My father gave me everything
Why do companies organize games ? To help employees build team spirits .	'To select the strongest teams .
Which of the following would Edward Glaeser agree with ? Cities provide economic opportunities .	'City people get along better with each other .
Which is NOT true according to the passage ? The old lady writer 's relative .	'It took them 2 hours to drive through the city .
The author considers a credit card as a teaching tool because offers parents chance teach kids manage money	'it helps teenagers to know some basic knowledge of credit cards
As to a well - established tree , watering deeply matters watering often	'we should water them as often as possible
Why did the boy 's father become a different person ? Because lost arm accident .	"""Because the boy did n't study very hard ."
It can be inferred that in the ultimatum game , Jack final say division money	'Jack keeps back all the money
After reading the last two parts , we can infer that Students ' Union help student trouble study	"""the Students ' Union can help a student who is being trained"
According to the passage , when people are dying , some may have the following feelings except that flying sky	'they are floating above their own bodies
Which of the following is n't mentioned in the passage ? How dogs eat things .	'Dogs have five senses .
In what way will cooking lessons benefit the students ? They healthy enjoy pleasure life skill well .	'They will be able to do some basic 
What is true about 7-year - old children according to the passage ? They ability find way around	'Their sense of direction does not work without maps .
The aim of the voyages Maury was responsible for in the 1840s was measure depths two oceans	'to estimate the length of cable that was needed
How did the author think of Kane 's family members ? They greatly brave face difficulties .	'They were strange because they locked Kane at home .
Now people in the world speak different languages live different places	'speak the same language but live in different places
Which of the following statements   is TRUE ? Prof . J. Brown teaches children English 3:00 - -4:30 Saturday afternoon .	'Prof . G. White gives a talk about English learning for students on Monday morning .
What is the purpose of the text ? To advise parents help kids deal stress .	'To persuade parents to spend more time with their kids .
It can be learned from Para.10 that the author was afraid that would miss ship went worked	'he would have to spend another sleepless night on the train
When you have good study habits , you will     A B	'learn things quickly
What is the advantage of using Loot ? There good bargains .	'It has more offers from accommodation agencies than Renting .
What will be tested in the new SAT ? The proper meaning words passages .	'All the different meanings of a word .
Why did the author regard the nurse as a bad one at first ? The nurse seldom communicated .	"'The nurse treated her abruptly .', ""The nurse did n't offer medications on time ."
The passage is mainly about four ways save money	'how to set goals to save money
When she came into the garden , Lisa found son danger losing life	'her son was playing with a big snake
To save money on eating , you are expected to try local cafe breakfast	'eat more for dinner than lunch
What do we know about Max ? He experienced man finding whales .	'He likes whales very much .
What can we learn from the passage ? The writer got accident	'The writer got his old job back
What 's the difference between the come - back phys ed and the ordinary gym - class model ? The Phys ed teaches tools skills could used future life .	'The Phys ed teaches group sports .
Which of the following statements is true ? Miller succeeded field never majored .	"'Miller had lots of movie performance experiences when he was in college .', ""Milier 's only performance experience in university made him move toHollywood ."
The decision made by the CTA office was return three quarters John	"'to give John a CTA card then and there', ""to refuse to give John 's quarters back"
According to the passage , which one is not right ? The US Marine Corps fallen Midway Islands battle	"'"" Cryptologic \'\' implies containing some hidden information"
The author writes the passage mainly remind people negative effects juice	'to help people learn more about fruit and juice
The main purpose of the author is report celebrations Darwin 's 200th birthday 150th anniversary books	'to say something about Darwin and his wife
What is the Artemis Project aimed at ? Providing new kind entertainment .	'Maintaining a manned lunar base .
According to the research , the solution to the test anxiety is to write feelings test	'sit quietly before the exam
The difference about food between the Spring Festival and Thanksgiving is that Americans eat turkey Chinese eat dumplings	"'the Chinese eat turkey while Americans eat dumplings', ""the Chinese have a special meal while Americans do n't"
Which of the following is True according to the passage ? . The biggest pollution - related killers heart disease , stroke , pulmonary disease lung cancer .	'Air pollution only affects developing countries .
Which of the following is NOT TRUE ? This program allows 1700 2000 calories meal .	'This program makes a change in your lifestyle .
What most people hate about advertising is probably that advertisements interrupt watching movies	'advertisements waste too much time
From this passage we know that U.S. first lady Michelle Obama     Harvard - educated lawyer	'will visit China alone
Which of the following is NOT true ? The Center run government .	'Morgan has regained her health .
Which of the following statements about Sufjan Stevens is NOT true ? Sufjan Stevens must composed four states America	'People are eager to know which state Sufjan Stevens will write about next
Where does the writer live for the first night ? In Edwards ' house .	'In Roy Senior High School .
Which of the following inferences is true according to the passage ? Hispanics might healthier ways life .	'Black people suffer the lowest social status in America .
What it not true about oPhone according to the passage ? Edward came idea oPhone .	'Customers can enjoy the odor of coffee with it .
In the passage the writer uses the example of Wang Yuwei to show necessary find suitable university meets personal interests	'you must spend a lot of time comparing the various schools
It can be inferred from the text that Alabama best high schools three states	'students with a high GPA can get the Inspire Scholarship
The following are all reasons why many teachers dislike cell - phones EXCEPT cell - phones used record lessons	'cell - phones can be used to cheat on exams
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Fred Smith got idea overnight mail service experience .	'Sony Walkman achieved great success with its recording function and speaker .
What does the writer want to tell us ? The popular drinks Americans .	'Soda is not a good drink for sports .
Why was Mrs Green very surprised after she answered the telephone ? Because man n't say said something else .	'Because the man had the wrong number
What 's the author 's main purpose of this passage ? To introduce strange competition .	'To explain how to deal with lies .
What 's the best title of this passage ? Kate 's community .	"""Kate 's new neighbor ."
The best title for the passage is How To Write A Better E - mail	'How To Use The Computers
Why was the author able to attend classes on speed reading ? She took chance filled one vacancy   .	'Her mother found her gifted in speed reading .
Suppose someone adopts a child and his biological parents often get contact with the child by telephone . We can call this adoption open adoption	'a closed adoption
Why did my mother cry and say that she was sorry ? Because busy .	"""Because she could n't find me ."
We can NOT know from the text that get rid bruxism putting ease	'the relaxation technique is helpful in reducing tension
Which is TRUE according to the passage ? Nick thinks English club good .	"'It takes Nick about thirty minutes to get to school .', ""Nick 's English is good ."
Why did Kate Anderson drive Charlie Vansant 's car home ? Because two cars alike mistook .	"""Because wanted to test the keys to her daughter 's car ."
What can be a suitable title for the text ? Low - carbon Economy -a Shared Goal	'Two Biggest Markets for Smart Grid
If you are free in October , you can go to Kulturnatten	'Roskilde Festival
The purpose of the three units was to send message control unit start siren	'sound their own siren when the control unit told them to
What 's the best title for this passage ? The World 's Water Problem	'The Importance of the Water
After a short overseas holiday , people tend to    notice small changes	'expect small changes
From the text , we know that Nils Hammerla thinks activities dogs reflect senior owners ' health	'led the study and identified 17 activities of dogs
This news article mainly wants to tell us wear resinous glasses instead glass glasses	'Alexander visited China and introduced a new type of glasses
Which is the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The writer 's leg feet badly wounded earthquake .	'When the earthquake happened 
No . 35 Middle School of Shenyang held a noteacher exam to teach students better way	'let the students have a good test
Why did he go home quickly ? Because went home best clothes ..	"""Because he did n't want to stay at a restaurant ."
Why did the designers decide to build Millennium ? Because Hong Kong 's population greatly increase .	"""Because they wanted to build the world 's most complex building ."
Some people believe that when the tough new rules come into effect , excessive drinking stopped	'supermarkets will stop selling alcohol in low prices
From the poster we know Rollerworld can only be visited by people neatly dressed	'who can roller skate well
Why did little Jacoble change his story again and again ? Because afraid falling river .	'Because he tried to persuade Jacob to believe it .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Football tennis players work long like .	"'Some people have interesting jobs ', "" but some do n't ."
What does the passage mainly talk about ? The life works Fitzgerald .	'How Fitzgerald got his name .
From the writer 's experience , the writer thinks that social events college usually celebrated around food	'foods in the dorm cafeteria are all higher in calories and fatter
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? She tells stories music .	'Swift sang for a Disney movie at a young age .
Which of the following is TRUE , according to the text ? The development computer keyboard started teletype .	'In the 1970s keyboards came with the computer .
Which of the following sentences best expresses the main idea of the passage ? When planning future developments , effects environment taken account .	'Planning for future residential and commercial developments has bad effects on the environment and the living things .
Walt Disney Co makes people queuing happily by making people queue shorter informed	'having people queue in serpentine line
Why did the king ask Effendi to tell him the date of his own death ? He wanted find excuse   kill Effendi	"'In this way the king would know when he would die', ""He himself had known the date of Effendi 's death"
What can NOT be inferred from the text ? The number lemmings change	'The arctic fox may starve in the winter
Which of the following sentences is NOT true ? You become owner house age fifteen .	'The tradition of birthday parties started a long time ago .
What do Andrew Poliak 's words probably mean ? There self - driving cars use future .	'It is too difficult for people to make self - driving cars now .
What did the writer think of the watch he bought in the market ? He n't like watch .	'He was fond of the watch because it was a Rolex .
What can we know about late pickups from the passage ? Parents inform center right away .	'They may affect continued services with the center .
How will a robot get directions for moving around a building ? From built - computer .	'From a human guard .
What do you think would be the best title for the passage ? High standard living one thing good quality life another .	'Money is a must to make you live a good life .
M. W. wrote the letter to ask whether A flight meet passenger 's need despite others ' benefit	'Any religious passenger has the right to ask the pilot to take off
The first man 's wife is survivor another wrecked ship	'a swimmer who got to the island by accident
What would be the best title for the passage ? Sophia 's Achievement	"""A Great Writer 's Struggle to Success"
By carrying out the experiment , scientists conclude that gene treatment safe possible way treat hemophilia	'the effects of gene treatment are excellent and last long
According to the advertisement , a six yuan ticket is for Russian concert	'Korean songs
What is this passage mainly about ? The popularity American malls .	'The safety in American malls .
What did Butler find when he got through the woman 's back door ? A little girl pool .	'A little girl lost her legs .
Which of the following can best describe Eve ? She natural talent business .	'She has a lot of experience in life .
From the passage we can infer Jack brought Mr. Belser much pleasure learning carpentry .	"""Jack was quite upset at Mr. Belser 's death ."
What does the writer intend to do in this text ? To recommend film .	'To share pleasures of watching a film .
We can learn from the passage that Sihanouk great influence Sino - Cambodian relations	'is the present Cambodian Prime Minister
Who won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Medicine ? Sir John Gurdon Shinya Yamanaka	'Sir John Gurdon
Which of the following could be the best title for the passage ? Customers ' Gift Employee	'A Friendly Clerk -- Charlie
What can we know about the author from the passage ? He used run consumer product team Revolution Health .	'He started LivingSocial when he was still a student of Georgetown University .
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Hawking started suffer symptoms disorder Oxford .	'Hawking is famous in the fields of cosmology and quantum gravity .
"The author asked the woman to say "" Thank you ! "" to the young man because the young man taught author valuable lesson"	'taught the author how to smile
We can learn from the passage that banking telecommunications strongly influential industries	"""Jean Tirole 's research made the markets imperfect or inefficient"
What is the purpose of the text ? To call obese smolkers quit smoking .	'To inform the readers of the findings about obese smoking .
What does the passage mainly discuss ? The reason way people catch colds .	'The continued spread of colds .
The passage is mainly about push teach personal finance school	'ways to teach students to earn money
You 'll probably prefer to go to the International House of English because it . special course spoken English	'offers free sightseeing and social activities
What is this article mainly talking about ? A new type business franchise kids .	"""Children can play without parent 's care ."
Which of the following can best serve as a title for this passage ? Should students leave country study abroad ?	'Should students study abroad and work there ?
Which is the writer 's opinion ? The job newspaper reporter exciting easy .	"""A reporter 's boss is usually very hard to his men ."
What does Kasey Kaczmarek suggest kids do ? Tell fathers much love	"'Not ask other kids where their dads are', ""Be kind to those kids who do n't have a dad"
What 's the best title of the passage ? The History Bicycle	'The Inventor of the Bicycle
After reading the passage , we know that The writer enjoys spending time family	'The writer lived in Japan for eight years alone
"What can we learn from the text ? "" Santa Claus "" misunderstanding another term ."	'The Dutch used to honor Santa on December 25th .
Which of the statements below expresses the main idea of the passage ? The scientist Rachel Carson taught people environmental issues writing .	"""Carson 's book Silent Spring changed the way some pesticides were used ."
According to the author , we should deal hope first	'see becoming perfect as our responsibility
After reading Jenny 's letter , we learn that Lucy n't know keep healthy friendship	'A friend in need is a friend indeed
Which of the following is right according to the text ? The swan n't afraid challenge .	'A group of crows met a swan on a beach .
The passage is mainly about safety belts drivers passengers	'automobiles in the United States
"When the writer says "" Dick Spivak is just an ordinary man "" , he means common people tell white lies"	'Dick could do nothing about bad traffic
Ann often stays home instead traveling abroad	'goes traveling abroad without her parents
What can we learn from the text ? Firms guided strategic speed take time make necessary changes .	'How fast a firm moves depends on how big it is .
What is main idea of this passage ? Advertisers perform useful service communities .	'Advertisements .
Which of the following happened first ? Jeb held Tom across body	'The cougar jumped from the rock
What can we learn from the news report ? The H7N9 virus evolved extensively drug resistant .	'Hong Kong has reported 14 human H7N9 cases since December 18 .
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? Emily excited surprised see Christmas tree	'Emily probably got the leukemia eight years ago
A barter system is a system in which people trade exchange goods	'customers pay the goods in cash
The text is written explain antifreezes	'to help to sell antifreezes
What do we know about Marie Claire Magazine ? It contains beautiful pictures useful articles .	'It is a local European magazine .
How did the boy get the flowers to Miss Benson ? He gathered flowers field .	'He bought the flowers from a flower shop .
Which of the followings is NOT a mystery of Machu Picchu ? Machu Picchu largest stone city world .	"'Machu Picchu is called the "" city in the clouds "" ."
The main purpose of the text is to tell us smart people may poorer communication skills	'what kind of students can succeed in college
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Luo Yang often spent lot time wife daughter .	"""Luo Yang did n't move into a new apartment ."
How is the programme of sending several tigers to South Africa getting on ? Some tigers already road recovering natural skills .	'Two tigers can already compete with their wild cousins .
What disadvantage does only the Imperial OEM MC7 have ? It requires special cassette .	'It picks up background noise .
So many Chinese students dare not speak to foreigners because worry making mistakes speaking	"""they are afraid they ca n't understand the foreigners"
With a plan of action , you can avoid wrong things	'work harder
Statistics suggested that decreasing number children showed interest reading	'a minority of primary school children read properly
Why did the woman need such an operation ? Her face bitten dog	'Her face had been burnt in a fire .
Why does the author show special sympathy for Jasmine ? They much common .	'Jasmine looks very fascinating .
What is the passage mainly about ? A guide safe bicycling campus .	'Directions for bicycle tour on campus .
Which of the following is TRUE about dolphins ? They able play lot tricks .	"""Humans know well of dolphins ' language ."
"Why is it a big challenge for the government to say "" no "" to the air polluting offenders in China ? Because much emphasis laid economic growth regardless cost ."	'Because enterprises are encouraged to develop economy at the cost of the environment .
"Why was 1905 called Einstein 's "" miracle year "" ? Because wrote five important articles help people understand space , time , light matter better ."	'Because he made important discoveries of space 
What 's the passage mainly about ? Green house future	'Different houses
What drove Shi to do the survey of migrant workers ? Her housekeeper 's daughter forced move hometown continue studying .	"""Her curiosity about migrant workers ' lives"
"The best title of the passage is ""   Enjoy vegetables ."	'Nice vegetables
Which of the following is not right ? Computers take place man .	'There is a computer room in many schools today .
Why did people start the Slow Food Movement ? Because think eating enjoyable family occasion .	'Because food writers are against fast food restaurant everywhere .
Who will mainly work at night ? Jane , hired North Fulton Regional Hospital .	'John 
"Why did Columbus call the local people in Salvador "" Indians "" ? Because thought arrived Indies ."	'Because he thought he had arrived in Japan .
It 's said that in the next few years American colleges universities take part - time students equally	'students in colleges and universities will be much older
Based on Richard Salva 's view , Thanksgiving Hindus roots	'Hindus started the holiday of Thanksgiving
According to the passage , probably Gloria did the following excep teaching school support family	'organizing an all - star concert for Hurricane victims
What will the author most probably talk about next ? The second ancestor national flag .	'The role of China in the spread of the national flag .
Which of the following is true ? Many countries world actively applied seek membership .	'The bank proposed by China aims to finance needed infrastructureprojects in the world .
We know from the passage that    student knew expected answer	'the administrator told Bohr the height
Mr. Robinson never went to see a dentist afraid	"'because he had no money', ""because he was n't a gentleman"
Which of the following statements is true ? Bill 's mother kind neighbors .	"""The old man could not live without his wife 's help ."
From the passage we can know that Stewart depressed one time	'Stewart lost his left arm 22 years ago
From the passage we can learn that sometimes failure bring good take positive attitude	'different attitudes come from different kinds of life
The best title for this passage is Man 's Brain	"""Animal 's Language"
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Sometimes 's good make mistakes .	'Never make mistakes .
Which of the following is reflex tears ? Tears dirt gets eyes .	'Tears when eyes are dry .
According to the article , what keeps us from creativity ? Caring people 's opinions us .	'Relying on others during the creative process .
Which may serve as the BEST title of the article ? Driving Grown - Up World	"'Cars Helping You to Grow - Up', ""Teenagers ' Driving in America"
Which sentence is TRUE according to the passage ? The virus rarely change cause polio .	'Sudan had been polio - charged since two thousand five .
What can we know from the passage ? There PhDs society demands .	'The higher education you get 
What is the best title of the passage ? Lionel Messi , Best Soccer Player All Time ?	'Lionel Messi 
Which of the following statements is NOT right ? Kids don`t like discussion .	'Kids won`t listen to their parents because they think what their parents say is boring .
Which of the following is most likely to follow up the research findings ? Experts ' research senses improve students ' grades .	'More successful examples of boosting learning power by using music .
What does the text mainly tell us ? Children read pleasure larger vocabulary grow .	'Intelligence has a great influence on vocabulary .
It can be inferred that education system failing keep pace rapid technology development	'life - long education is the requirement of fast development of education
According to Sun Yao , which of the following sentences is TRUE ? All schools ca n't afford many diversified classes .	'The new system will work if great measures are taken .
Which of the following match is WRONG ? Hollywood Virginia .	'Cowboys in Texas .
The best title for the third news should be Chinese comes UK	'Primary schools in the UK
What do we know about tree climbing from the passage ? It favors experience enjoying nature .	'People compete to see who can climb to the top first .
. Which of the following is correct ? At first making films popular .	'People liked the color film as soon as it was made .
What can we know from the story ? The grandfather loved wife much .	"'The grandfather was afraid of his wife .', ""The grandmother did n't know how to spend Christmas Day ."
According to O'Leary , China faces many problems in improving health care system except lack support people	'high drug prices
The cyberbullying is still increasing probably because n't come top level	"""it is n't as easy to control as the other school bullying"
The writer points out with an example about an old Chinese saying that self - appreciation also active way attitude life work	'a false modesty will lose confidence in continuing with writing
Which is the best title   for the passage ? Something About Ivan	"""What Is Ivan 's Home Like"
A person wearing dentures experience unpleasant feelings beginning fixing	'should brush them with a special denture brush every few days
According to the passage , boys have the problem that they think shameful boys read	'boys should not work as a teacher
The passage is mainly about signature responsibility	'honor and writers
The World Bank 's survey about education mainly concentrates on made education systems successful	"""China 's education system and competitive exams"
What can we learn from the passage ? Zhou Xia thinks pet animal solve problem children feel lonely .	"""Zhang Luwen 's parents bath every week ."
Which of the following is NOT true ? A car driver n't get license 1935 .	'There is no limit   to the age of an old man who drives a car .
The best title of the passage is The Secrets Happiness	'Money Makes You Happy
From the passage , we can infer     accident happened two electric bikes .	'the school bus was overloaded when the accident happened .
Which of the following has an unpleasant meaning ? bite hand feeds us	'Hands down
The text is mainly about theme World Health Day 2013	'the causes of high blood pressure
Why did Abbas Ebrahimi admire the green audience ? Because die - grow spring .	'Because there are more plants than people .
From the passage , we can conclude that desert dangerous full life	'the western desert is a good place for people to live in
The main idea of this passage is that greenspace facilities used better improve quality life	'attention must be paid to the improvement of recreation
We may infer from Matt Johnson 's words that families relaxed happy visit theme park	"""he does n't like to visit a theme park with his children"
What 's the best title of passages ? Love mind .	"'Life without love .', ""My parents ' love ."
The Longman dictionary is more likely to be criticized for cultural prejudice because views world purely standpoint English - speaking people	'its scope of cultural entries goes beyond the culture of the English - speaking world
From the passage , we can learn that    pets may well enough travel	'it costs too much to take pets on trips
Why could n't Bunny fall asleep on Christmas Eve ? He thinking gift would get .	'He wanted to take a look at the reindeer .
Finally John takes the flowers home himself because he wants to tell mother loved	"""tell his mother the young man 's story"
It can be learned from the passage that suggestion therapy can not be used to help cure patients insomnia	'help adults deal with the strong pain of some diseases
"When enjoying a Western dinner , in the later part you have to "" Keep your fork . "" This usually mean "" Prepare fork enjoy dessert"	'Watch out for your fork .
Which of the following native English dialects ranks fifth in the number of native speakers ? South African English	'Canadian English
Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a factor contributing to the extent to which a virus spreads ? The immunity virus bring .	'The strength of the virus .
One of the reasons why Chinese literature has been accepted globally is that westerners become interested Chinese literature	'more Chinese writers can express themselves in English freely
What was the study devoleted   to figuring out ? The relationship pigs ' mood judgment .	"""The influence of pigs ' living environment ."
"This passage is mainly about "" food miles "" effects"	'how local food travels from field to plate
We can infer from the passage that gale warning BBC , ferries stop operating .	'the traffic on the Channel is very busy only in winter
That day the writer was happy at first for the following reasons except would work grown -	"""she did n't have to go to school"
According to the passage , the following statements are all true except You ca n't really love hate others similar .	'The moment we see a stranger 
What did Mr Bradley think about the swimming pool ? He felt disappointed swimming pool closed whole time stay .	'He found it really wonderful 
Which of the following in NOT true according to the passage ? Hamad man always mean family	'Hamad is a man who wants himself to be well - known from apace .
After the two horrible accidents , Mitchell earned master 's degree public administration .	'stopped flying 
Which one is the best choice among the four museums for visitors who 'd like to enjoy history of both China and foreign countries ? The National Museum China	'Zhoukoudian Relics Museum
Which of the following festivals is first started in Japan ? White Day	"'Black Day', ""Valentine ' s Day"
Bertie 's mother was sad probably because she knew selling lion would upset Bertie	'had decided to send Bertie to school
What is TRUE according to the passage ? There must better way test student 's ability besides knowledge .	'Most of us are not pleased with the rapid progress that we have made in the study .
Why does the writer say that women and beauty go together ? Because women try keep beauty dressing .	'Because women are sure to be beauties .
What did the stream think when she reached a desert ? She believed could cross desert .	"""She thought she could n't cross the desert ."
When John Wood travelled in Nepal in 1998,he met man changed life	'visited many local schools
We can tell from the story that La Nina said caused snowstorms	'China is the only country which suffered from the heavy snow
A coral island looks like ring land	'trees 
Who shares the same idea of happiness with the author . ? The great Irish poet Yeats .	'The Indian holy man .
MOOCs seem to have an advantage over traditional school classes in that students learn study pace	'there is a problem of asking questions in traditional classes
People criticize the guidebook because travelers may get chance unexpected adventures	'tourist destinations will be crowded if everyone follows the same route
What 's the author 's purpose of writing the text ? To introduce world famous waterfalls .	'To advise readers to pay a visit to these famous waterfalls .
What did the Bancroft students do outside the White House ? They helped First Lady Michelle Obama plant garden .	'They gave shovels 
The world 's computer network takes English as one main languages	'its only language
What do we learn from the above web page ? Beijing made efforts improve air quality .	'The Olympic torch relay route has not been planned .
The story mainly tells us mental    support John 's mother gave	'how John H. Johnson became successful
When could the string be taken away ?     When young tree grew strong enough .	'When the old man left .
This reading is mainly about     history popular breakfast foods United States .	'famous places to eat breakfast .
Why can we go for the kids menu ? Because eat less .	'Because the sizes of kids food are usually larger .
The passage is mainly about popular American expressions	'how to be down to earth
What is the author 's attitude towards grammar learning ? His attitude objective .	'He is against grammar learning .
Mrs. Satow would probably agree that     Ulifeline worthwhile website	"""Jed 's friends can prevent her son 's death"
Jane Addams was a founding member of National Association Advancement Colored People	'the National American Woman Suffrage Association
What can we learn from the passage ? Most deaths indoor pollution developing countries .	'Burning solid fuels can help limit indoor air pollution .
What did the writer think about the Apple iPhone ? The Apple iPhone popular .	'The Apple iPhone was beautiful .
Moving boxes have become popular in New York because meet needs moving people	'they are specially - designed possessions
We can infer from the passage that star could block view new planet	'there is iron on the new planet
What made Ray first known to the medical world ? His presentation AFCR .	'His great skills in computer .
What might be the most suitable title for the passage ? Are texting Facebook worse teens TV ?	'Are kids suffering cyber bullying on Facebook ?
What can we learn about the web - camera image in the study ? It gave volunteers false image .	"""It recorded the volunteers ' performance in the task ."
From the passage we can know all the following information except that school party 15 students pay $ 90 standby tickets	"'it is advisable to book tickets in advance', ""the audience ca n't refund money if the performance is on show"
British parents , as the writer described in this passage , give children little time develop freely	"'treat their children as spots players', ""pay no attention to their children 's lessons"
The best title for the passage might be Steve Jobs ' 1983 Time Capsule Recovered	"'The "" Lost "" Steve Jobs Time Capsule"
When the spacewalking pair carried out their task, finished work planned despite delay beginning	'they got the help from the new camera
Which of the following shows the process of using the virtual fitting room ? scanning -- getting models --trying clothes	'scanning -- trying on clothes -- getting images
Which of the following is NOT right ? Norway Denmark one country since 1380 .	"'Greenland now belongs to Denmark .', ""Norway and Denmark did n't unite until 1380 ."
What can we learn from the passage ? Experience necessary four jobs .	'The office cleaner has to work three hours each day .
People in some areas gain a source of heat by keeping livestock downstairs	'protecting their livestock from the cold
If you 're trying to calm yourself down , you may walk green fields .	'wear a red sweater
Which is the best title of the passage ? Computers Internet .	'Gangster Internet Bars .
According to Ms. Harris , children 's personality largely shaped friends neighbors	"'parents are to blame for any bad behavior of their children', ""nature rather than nurture has a significant effect on children ' s personality development"
From the survey by Spectrem Group , we can learn half millionaire pet owners dog	'about one third of American households own a cat
What is the difference between Vivi Mac and other food artists ? She turns kind food portrait	'She Uses wine as her medium .
The father died youngest daughter got married .	'before his youngest daughter got married .
Which of the following is wrong ? Tigers lions much stronger elephants .	'Both tigers and lions eating meat .
What happened in the locker room ? The coach talked team .	'Dave and Miguel talked .
If you want to eat Shanghai food in Chinatown , you may go to Evergreen Restaurant	'Shanghai Restaurant
The Nutritious Liuing steamer cooks different foods time	'provides a dish to cook rice with
which of the following is TRUE ? Jenny could collect money recycling center .	'Jenny found many ways to raise money .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? It acceptable regift traditional items China .	'Americans often regift things on holidays .
The doctor thinks that we should produce kind plastic bottle	'buy that kind of bottle
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? The bus driver sent girl hospital .	"'The bus driver stopped to pick up more passengers .', ""The bus driver said he could n't go through the traffic ."
The writer 's purpose of writing the article is to tell parents help children make friends	"""show friends even does good to children 's study during the class"
What did the scientists think before 1998 ? The universe would expand slowly .	'The universe would expand faster .
By mentioning Philip Pullman , the author intends to prove excellence Grimm fairy tales	'describes the achievement of the Brothers Grimm
According to the passage , we know that two experts performed study University Pennsylvania	'the website medheadlnes.com is developed by an Indian doctor
What does the text mainly discuss Change changes	'Never change in our life
The passage suggests that people who need maths homework help should try homework help program Internet	'not take any more maths classes
With the discovery of gravitational waves , we 'll view universe new way	'make full use of gravitational waves
The writer 's main purpose of looking for whales is making films whales	'carrying out research on whales
The passage is concerned mainly with obesity school	'Malnutrition in low - income children
According to the passage , Bill Gates was successful college dropout	'a self - taught college student
It can be inferred from the experiment of Wood , Lee and Perunovic that forcing person think positive thoughts may lower self - esteem	"'it is important for people to continually keep their self - esteem', ""self - affirmation can bring a positive change to one 's mood"
The best title for the text is The advantages watching TV	"'TV brings a good rest', ""Today 's TV programs"
Which of the following is Not true according to the passage ? The reading level four kinds books .	'The language of four kinds of books is English .
What is the best title    for this passage ? Sports seasons .	'People and sports .
"When can you ask "" What do grades mean to me "" ? When 're worried grades ."	"""When my friends do n't like me ."
If you are a backpack traveller with a low budget , which would be your best choice ? Homey Hostel	'W Taipei
What does the author realize at Mount Rushmore ? He specific aim life .	'His father is interested in sculpture .
the writer talked about his own experience to show that    thought failure make work even harder	'we should try every possible way to avoid failure
What would be the best title for this passage ? The Truth Savings Consumption	'The Saving Behavior of the Economy
When a parent asks what you think of their new baby , they want you to say good words	'tell the truth
What did Ms Woo do in 2014 ? She held paper cutting show shopping center near Washington .	'She won the second prize in a national painting and art competition .
What can be inferred from the text ? Photos www.oyster.corn trusted tourists .	'You can see some man -- made attractions driving along Route 66 .
Students can get fully developed through joining student organizations	'focusing on compulsory subjects
According to the text , which of the following statements is TRUE ? There actually problems test papers students work .	"'22 students got a "" B "" in the final test without doing the paper ."
What can we learn from this passage ? We learn speak others suitable way .	"""It 's helpful of us to help people in need ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Neville refused argue make apology late .	'Neville and Jack lived in the same house .
What can we infer from the passage ? Li Wan fell love Tibet made tours .	"'Li Wan felt it hard to communicate with natives because of their special culture .', ""Li Wan could n't live in Tibet well because she had little money to travel ."
What can we learn from the passage ? More research value TCM carried worldwide .	'This success may encourage Easterners to learn more about Chinese medicine .
According to the passage , nowadays British people willing try cooking kinds new foods	'cook less at home than the French every day
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? The dog 's olfactory responses would likely even powerful ones might .	'In our experiment 
If you want to take a look at the dresses worn by some royal members , you go to Kensington Palace	'Hampton Court Palace
According to the research , we know that Chinese students better UScounterparts first two tests     '	'Chinese students and their UScounterparts did poorly in the first two tests
It can be inferred from the passage that Noddy 's growth genetically   explained	"""Noddy wo n't grow any taller"
What would be the best title for the text ? Arabs America .	'The Two Arab Immigration Waves to America .
What 's the best title for the passage ? The future Mobile Phones	'The importance of Mobile Phones
The best title of the passage can be    A girl song	'Poor home is better than being homeless
Why did the team form the habit of looking behind ? Because wanted make sure team leader following .	"""Because they were expecting their team leader 's arrival ."
Weight control has become a large business because   people care weight	'weight- reducing diets are expensive
The passage tells us how to top students	'use the Internet
What do we know according to the latest UNICEF figures ? Many African countries high child death rates .	'Ethiopia is the only country that has reduced child death rates .
From the passage , we know that teenage period sensitive part human life	"""the parents ca n't get the answer why their daughters change a lot"
We can learn from the passage that reduction salt diet helps lower blood pressure	'Americans ate no more than 5 grams of salt per day in the 1970s
If your child enjoys theme parks , you will go to Canada 's Wonderland	'Art Gallery of Ontario
What is the passage mainly about ? The effect high heels health .	'The trend of high heels .
What is the best title for this passage ? The history money	'The invention of paper money
Which of the following statement is TRUE ? Traveler 's checks exchanged money country visit .	"""You need not pay a commission for the safety of your traveler 's checks ."
What would be the best title for this passage ? Watch salt .	'Take care 
Why do you need to start planning for a vacation to Disney World well in advance ? You make economical travel Disney World .	'You can get more information about Disney World ahead of time .
We can infer from Pereira 's word that    sugar might cause pancreatic cancer .	'2 soft drinks a day are considered harmful to health
From the passage , we can infer that people park day	"""a heart attack hit the writer 's husband suddenly"
What can we learn from the passage ? We must understand importance literature art .	"""No wor can be won without such a book as Uncle Tom 's Cabin ."
Which one of the following is TURE about government hiring ' ? Government hiring may boom far future .	"'Government pays well .', ""Government 's civilian workforce has gone down in the past several years ."
The passage is mainly about sending prints pigeon	'Felton 
What is NOT true of a CAT scan ? It stop action organ short time .	'It is safer than regular X rays .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Birds use sounds stay together .	'Bees communicate by making a noise .
The main idea of this passage is that seasons reason changing intelligence	"""most people 's intelligence changes with seasons"
Which of the following about sign language is TRUE ? It way express one 's ideas without words .	'It is a special language used in a few countries in the world .
China is working hard to    bring foreign investment promising open financial sector	'reduce the interest rate of foreign currencies
In Christians'belief , for what reason did God want Jesus to die ? God loved humans despite human 's wrong -- , asked beloved Son die human 's place	"'God wanted "" Good Friday "" and "" Easter""mainly to be remembered by humans"
Why does the President of Encyclopedia Britannicadecide not to publish its print editions any more ? Because company 's sales lower expected .	"""Because people do n't show any interest in encyclopedia ."
Which is TRUE ? Greg hopes bring pet dog along traveling .	'Eliza thinks the car ride is just like a moving party .
Some voluntary placements offer free meals and language classes to help volunteer get involved .	'attract more people to do voluntary work .
Louis Braille became famous because he invented system raised dots make books blind people	'books for blind people to learn maths
According to the text , hurricanes usually hit parts world summer autumn	'form off the coast of Africa and America
A dam is usually built people right amount water times	'to cover the houses and fields
The best title for the passage is   Automaticity Depends Practice	"'IQ Is the Key to the Automaticity', ""TV Is Bad for Children 's Reading"
Every night the poor man dreamed of sleeping hotel	'becoming rich
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Showing continuous care others highly valued .	'Looking people in the eye will make them uncomfortable .
The mother whale failed to help her baby because waves pushed baby wrong direction	'she had stayed in the polluted water for too long
Which of the following might NOT be the cause of car decline ? Poor quality car .	'High cost of owning a car 
The writer 's idea in this passage is 's good something good others vacation .	'helping children to choose and read books is a good way .
If you have 115 yuan , which product can you buy according to the passage ? USB vacuum	'Fruit powered digital clock
Which of the following is NOT true ? Studying abroad make easy students learn well .	"""Studying abroad will cost students ' families a lot of money ."
For high school students in Germany , which is NOT the common transport to school ? Parents ' cars .	'School buses .
Which of the following sentences is NOT true according to this passage ? If ca n't find career love , give try another one .	'The only way to have a great achievement is to love your career .
"Using context clues we may infer that "" iodine , fluoride and calcium "" are substances act positively negatively man 's health"	'substances which help provide breeding places for pests
Which hotel is close to airports ? Hyatt Regency Crystal City	'Americana Hotel Crystal City
The writer 's attitude towards early day care is that issue controversial settlement calls use statistics	'children under three should stay with their parents
The purpose of the passage is introduce research anxious test - takers	'to build the confidence of the highly anxious test - takers
We learn from the text that the McRoskey Mattress Factory produces mattresses hand	"""is the world 's oldest mattress factory"
why i d the writher want his granddaughter to fail ? would learn form failure	'success is boring though it can bring us something good
What caused the lack of food ? The bad weather spring summer .	'The bad weather in both autumn and winter .
The man cut off the remaining bit of the cocoon in order to help butterfly come easily	'take the butterfly home
Who has the most power in the school meetings ? Everybody equal power .	'The older children have more power than the younger children .
The study made by Safe kids Worldwide has found that Halloween night puts kids risk	'kids are afraid of Halloween
Laurent Clerc and Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet were the first people who succeeded opening school deaf America	'wanted to build a school for the deaf in the USA
The worst part in Leigh 's eyes may be that dad got remarried	"""his dad did n't love him"
People started to eat chocolate when chocolate bars made	'milk was added to chocolate
What the wise man said suggests that it 's certain evil widespread good men nothing	'unnecessary for good people to do anything in face of evil
Which is NOT the reason why people may have weight problems when eating with stress ? People eat much unhappy .	'The body does not take in what they eat .
What does this reading tell about potatoes ? It tells us eat	'how to cut potatoes
Which of the following opinions was NOT expressed in the passage above ? A majority time given cultural learning learning second language .	"'Language learning needs to be supplemented by cultural learning .', ""Cultural learning can give key insights into a society 's history "
When the writer found out the minister 's family would come for Christmas Eve dinner , she cried mainly because worried laughed	'she worried about their shabby Chinese Christmas
What was the challenge the author set for herself ? Reading books nearly 200 countries year .	'Creating a blog to offer help to other readers .
What does the editor think of part - time jobs ? We told .	'They are good for school children .
We can infer from the passage that     Kepler-78b much alike earth size , proportions iron rock , density	'Scientists have never before found a planet beyond the solar system
According to the studies in the passage mentioned , sitting long arouse illnesses easily	'it is better not to stand more than 6 hours
Scientists think we should take care of our earth because home man earth long time	'the dream to find another home for man will come true
What 's the best title for the passage ? World Reading Day Reading .	'World Reading Day in the UK .
It can be inferred from the passage that fisheries biologists spend lot time working outside spring fall	'fisheries biologists like working in winter most
Which of the following can be the suitable title for the passage ? Something natural body rhythm .	'What is natural body rhythm ?
Who made the book ? An artist British .	'English young people .
What warning label on cigarette packs is being used in the United States ? Text health warnings .	'An image of a dead body .
From the passage we can infer that in the course of evolution humankind experienced generalization rather specialization ability	'humankind is very important to earlier species 
Which of the following is NOT given as a piece of advice to help with e - wastes ? Asking fewer people use electric products .	'Taking care of your electronics so they will last longer .
What can we learn from the passage ? One reasons many people begin eat insects rich food value .	'Green super rice is delicious but high in price .
Mary Barra has carried out the following strategies to manage the crisis and quiet the critics EXCEPT that took legal responsibilities previous mistakes	'as soon as she learned about the problem 
What is one reason why people hesitate to receive mental treatment ? They afraid looked upon .	"""They are n't aware of their mental illness ."
What do the Americans mean by ' Time is money ' ? If someone time works hard , make much money .	'It takes quite a lot of time to make money .
What do you think of Jack ? He lazy .	"""He liked the dustman 's work ."
How did the author feel about life in Jim Thorpe at first ? Living great disadvantage .	'People there cared little about others .
Which of the following about icebergs is TRUE ? An iceberg stop time travel .	'An iceberg will move as soon as its melts .
We can conclude from the text that Horsley sold first Christmas cards 50 pounds	"'Santa Claus was born on Christmas Day', ""now there are more greetings on New Year 's cards"
Those who are not sure about their Duty Free allowances check information Baggage Reclaim Area	'need to go through the Green Channel
What can be leant from the passage ? The huge bird left deep impression upon author .	'The Thunderbird are similar to sea eagles in size .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The writer n't think freedom America	"'In America ', ' if students break the school rules ', "" they wo n't get any punishment ."
What 's the main idea of the passage ? It gives us advice protect H7N9 virus comes .	'It tells us how to wash hands .
According to the passage , we know that people hold baby shower send wishes mother - -	'the baby shower only happens at home
Kinesthetic learners learn best by      things hands	'Remembering information from videos
This passage is mainly about a survey of French kids ' interests	"""French parents ' complaint"
If you want to take a kid for hiking , you should prepare	'educate him about hiking
How does the girl like science ? The story n't tell us .	'It is her favourite subject .
The author tends to tell us reading feed mind	'reading can satisfy your all needs
He was a different man at home because n't get angry home	"""he did n't throw work at school like he did at home"
Why is local control of education no 1onger a good idea today ? Because people today moves among states often .	'Because local standards are limited .
"The invention of the new French word "" franglais "" shows that English words enter French language"	'French words enter the English language
What did Ryan Howell find in his studies ? Material goods bring people less happiness experiences .	'About onethird of the people prefer material goods to experiences .
What can we learn about the new start time ? It based scientific research .	"""It 's suitable for every student ."
"Which of the following about "" Gangnam Style "" is NOT true according to the passage ? "" Gangnam Style "" first get 1 billion views ."	"'"" Gangnam Style "" has defeated Justin Bieber \'s "" Baby "" on You Tube \'s views ."
"When did the "" Ran LU "" become popular ? In Warring States Period ."	'In the Zhou Dynasty .
According to the environmental officer , the public can request irresponsible dog owners clean dog waste	'punish irresponsible dog owners when necessary
Selling a used cell phone to Simply Sellular , you will get good price phone cash	'another new model without any pay
Why can flowers be seen all year round in Julie 's community ? Families taught take care gardens .	'The local government provides free gardening training .
We can conclude from the text that    smells effective used suitable cases	'smells are widely used in different shops
What is probably the best title for the passage ? Take Our Daughters Work Day	"'Cara Lang ', ' a Fortunate Girl', ""Children 's Day and Work Day"
It can be inferred that There connection providing clean water slowing population growth	'Lack of water may also result from international conflict
Dr. Jack M. Gwaltney conducted the experiment in order to find role physical contact plays common colds	'find out the most common cause of colds
According to Professor Porter 's finding , people with higher EI easy cheated kindness	'had sympathy for the missing people
Which of the following is TRUE according to the material ? The zoo train runs every 30 minutes	'Children under 3 years old can enter the zoo free
What problem did Millie have at the beginning of the story ? She n't know start jumping long rope .	"""She did n't have any friends in her class ."
Which is the best title of the article ? New Radiation Defense -- Coffee	'Human and Mice
According to scientists , There 20 % normal communication areas still available right whales .	'Right whales off the Californian coast have been in danger because of the loss of the energy .
What is the main idea of the passage ? Ingvar Kamprad established IKEA led great success .	"'Ingvar Kamprad is the richest man in the world .', ""IKEA is the world 's largest furniture retailer ."
We can conclude from the story that detail plays important part one 's success	"""one should stop his job if the boss does n't think much of his work"
What can we learn from the passage ? The writer talks American way life four aspects	"'Most American families like to keep a cat as their pet .', ""Holidays are n't part of American way of life"
What did Kataria find out about laughter ?     Forced laughter works well real laughter .	'People are often forced to laugh .
The purpose of this passage is to introduce summer camp people	'get people interested in the Fresh Air Fund
What did n't Reagan do in his life time ? Being leading star film .	"""Saving people 's lives ."
Which of the following is NOT true according to the text ? People divided sleep pattern 18th century .	'It may be natural to wake up in the middle of the night .
Which of the following is NOT true ? Trees begin stop making food summer .	'When autumn comes 
We know from the ads that the position of General Manager requires a person who Bachelor 's degree mechanical engineering	'has five years of work experience in the Marine industry
Which of the following statements is probably TRUE about the writer ? He wants something really likes future .	"""He wants to be like his mother 's co - worker 's son ."
According to the passage , which of the following statements is True ? China 's Taiwan Island located southwest Diaoyu Islands .	'Japan is the most popular tour place for travelers from the city .
We can learn from the passage that earliest zoos probably rich people 's gardens	'the Philadelphia Zoo is the first zoo in the world
After reading the passage we know earthquake took place places minorities live	'the biggest earthquake happened in China in Ninglang in 1998
What can we learn from this story ? If try best help others , others help us .	"'Many people find job in a train station .', ""Do n't buy the last ticket of the train ."
What should we do when we read a science report ? Read first two paragraphs last two paragraphs carefully .	'Spend a lot of time reading the details .
When Hoover started to give his speech , people n't know used teleprompter	'he forgot to turn on the teleprompter
Which of the following statements in TRUE according to the article ? Some people prefer buy live trees reused next year .	'There is always a wider Christmas tree market in America than in Europe .
What is the writer 's main purpose of writing this passage ? To discuss possible solutions important social problem .	'To point out the need for government supporting for old people .
According to the passage , the most annoying thing in a restaurant is that nearby diner answering phone call	'you receive icy glares
The text is written mainly to provide new means family education	'show the importance of reading aloud
The younger angel was very angry because older angel treated two families differently	"""the older angel killed the farmer 's cow"
From the passage , we can know that Cao Zuyang succeeds saving money	'most students dislike traveling because of the expense
What is the main topic of this passage ? A healthier , happier independent ageing population US .	"'The common health problems of elderly people in the US .', ""The influence of medical advances on elderly people 's health in the US ."
According to the passage , Farina prefers e - books traveling	'dislikes e - books
The purpose   of the article is to ask people protect wetlands wildlife	'ask more visitors to visit Zhalong Nature Reserve
In some experts ' opinion parents direct children use TV	'parents should turn off TV for their children .
Which of the following is not mentioned in the passage ? Traveling foreign country .	'Reading a good book .
The writer thinks children spend much money computer games	"'the boys can go to the computer net bars ', "" but the girls ca n't"
"According to the recent study , when birds migrate form shape "" V "" make best use lifting effect"	"""they do n't change their lead birds during the whole journey"
In the study , the women were supposed to give the opinions about personality woman would prepare list	'which was better 
Which of these airports is out of business now ? Kai Tak Airport	'Lukla Airport
Who often destroy the food chains ? Humans .	'Animals .
"Cyber English probably means ""   "" . learning English Internet"	'teaching yourself English
All the following statements are wrong except Children Myanmar less sedentary St .Lucia .	'Children in poor countries get more physical activities .
We can draw a conclusion from the passage that It turned Marian could stand Kincaid 's absence left .	'Marian knew what would happen well before she married Kincaid .
The author mentioned Europe in the essay to stress Sichuan plenty butterfly resources .	'state that a large number of butterflies live in Europe .
Antifreezes are useful in that they keep water liquid cold weather	'keep the alcohol from boiling away
When the waves struck , the father Brad watched things going , unable anything	'was watching a drama on TV in the hotel
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? The finding especially applies behave ethically .	"'Mere time of day can lead to systematic failure of organizations .', ""The finding does n't agree with that of previous studies ."
The best title of the passage is probably Why Do We Feel Awkward Lifts ?	'How to Enjoy Ourselves in Lifts ?
Why did Ms. Shelton insist students could and would learn the words of an eighth - grade level ? Because believed well prepared , could achieve high goals .	'Because she believed one of the students in the classroom could go on to greatness .
What has happened these years according to the passage ? All .	"""Children do n't have to think any more in school ."
What can we learn from the passage ? A guy 's pitch convey different girl 's .	"""The first impression of one 's personality is formed by his voice ."
What 's the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To offer tips saving transport costs London .	'To introduce the public transport system in London .
Which of the following is WRONG ? A person 's body language help understand directions .	"'People in some places give directions in miles but people in other places give directions by means of time .', ""Travelers can learn about people 's customs by asking questions for directions ."
The passage does n't clearly state but implies that education nowadays provide much space creativity	'signs of creativity in children are hard to detect
What was essential to to make an icebox efficient according to the passage ? Balance insulation circulation	'Keeping the ice from melting
What 's the main idea of the passage ? The introduction Nadam Festival .	'The origin of the Nadam Festival .
The passage mainly discuss the problem of working mothers requiring flexible working hours .	'working mothers planning to set up their own businesses .
The passage is mainly    brief account Jacqueline 's career editor last 20 years	"""a brief description of Jacqueline 's lifelong experiences"
"Which is the best proverb to the meaning "" Take care of friendship like we take care of a garden "" ? Friendship plant must water"	'A friend is easier lost than found .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Most people like female pilot young age .	'More women will take up a pilot career 
When the environment does n't change individual learning plays less important role	'animals can not act in a right way
From what Rachel Hosken said we know that basking shark often appeared area	'most basking sharks swim deep in the sea
What has Alicia done since 2001 ? She opened studio .	'She has recorded all her songs herself .
What did Veronis , Suhler & Associates find through their research ? Americans paid large amount money entertainment .	'Wealthy celebrities donated a lot of space programs .
Why did the author feel sorry for Mary ? He thought Mary suffering others .	"""Mary did n't have any pets ."
What is the main purpose of the campaign in the UK ? To encourage children play outdoors .	'To save 30 minutes for watching TV programs each day .
The passage suggests that good writer may good speaker	'a good writer is always a good speaker
Keith begins to feel ban for T.J when Nita walks room	'he shouts at T.J
From this passage we know women want play active role countries	"'women have the same rights as men today', ""women do n't want to work outside their homes"
The aim of the Healthy Families Program is to help families get health insurance	'help people earn more and pay for the program
What do we know about the piano in the house ? It long history 150 years .	"""It was hated by Porter 's daughter ."
"The most suitable title for the passage should be ""   Education information age"	'Advantages and disadvantages of online learning
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Students prepare exams listening tapes .	'No teachers are in the language lab .
Where will you go if you want to enjoy dinosaur artifacts ? Peabody Museum Natural History .	'Collection of Musical Instruments .
Which of the following is NOT true , when an earthquake suddenly happens ? Curling may dangerous .	"""We ca n't use the lift ."
Who made a great contribution to the civil - rights movement in the US ? Rosa Parks .	'Rachel Carson .
The college makes its students learn Chinese mainly because realizes importance China world 's fastest growing economy	'Chinese is a language spoken by the largest population in the world
The author tidied up the room most probably because wanted show care	"""she was scared by Kate 's anger"
What 's the result of the nail 's giving up ? Many things building ruined nail eaten rust .	'People began to realize the importance of the nail .
The author gives us many ideas in order to let us find contacts nature improve outlook life	'hear birds sing and watch ants work
Which is not the purpose of spending 5 weeks in cage with a lion according to Oleksander ? [ ] He wanted earn money taking risk living lion .	'He wanted to raise awareness of the treatment of animals in cage .
What is the best title for this passage ? January Sales	'Sales in London at Christmas
Which of the statements is TRUE according to the passage ? You never take friendship granted .	'You should have different friends for the same activities .
According to Chapman Henderson , which of the following does she probably agree with ? It urgent build tornado safe rooms .	'Building codes make a difference in preventing property destruction .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The writer often went school mother young .	'The writer has left school and is a good teacher now .
What should you do when you come back to the hotel to make an important call and see a lot of people around the Reception Desk ? Go public telephone boxes .	'Go to your room and phone from there .
Who set up Christopher 's Smile ? Christopher 's parents .	"""LVS Ascot Junior School 's teachers ."
What might be the theme of the book Waiting for Jack ? The importance taking action achieve goal	'The disappointment of waiting for her hero Jack
In 1848 , Elizabeth wrote to Emily to ask Emily study medicine died	'persuade Emily to come to help the sick
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Antarctic ice sheet shrinking	'the coldest place on earth
The best headline for this newspaper article would be Search Survivors After Disaster	'The Great Loss Brought by the Tornado
What can we infer from the passage ? It 's easy become member NCAA basketball team .	'Anyone who dreams every day will surely succeed .
What would be the best title for the text ? Toni Morrison novel Love	"""Toni Morrison 's latest novels"
Which is the best title for the text ? What Blog	'How to Start a Blog
What was the real reason why in UK people knocked coins into the old trees ? It might come tradition making offerings gods hundreds years ago .	'It was hoped that it would bring them good future and make the trees more beautiful .
What can be the best title for the passage ? Studio schools built improve teens ' employability skills .	'Studio schools are popular in UK at present .
"When you use a very familiar word in a new way , you are creative sense small "" c "" creativity"	"'creative in the sense of big "" c "" creativity"
According to the passage , the UK scientists have known that female heart loses cells age	'women have more cells than men when they are born
The writer did n't stop to dig the wildflowers because She n't pay enough attention	'The flowers were not beautiful enough
What would be the best title for the passage ? Love small town	'A pleasant trip to New York City
It can be learned from the passage that Melbourne Cup intended wealthy people	'the spectators of the Melbourne Cup must dress well
According to the woman mentioned in Para . 3 , her life better day	"""does n't need improving"
What benefits can candidates expect from NELLC ? More professional experience .	'Additional language skills .
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? The students likely bullied school toilet .	'When the bullies ask for money 
Which of the following is TRUE ? Truthful information helps patients deal illness cases .	"'Sometimes government tells lies because they need to meet the public interest .', 'Doctors believe if they lie ', ' those seriously - ill patients will recover more quickly .', ""Many patients do n't want to know the truth "
The passage mainly tells us robot pets coming	'the advantages of robot toys
The woman complained to her husband every day because satisfied job	"""she did n't have enough money to support her family"
Please choose a proper title for this passage . From behind camera spotlight	'Chinese cinematographer to be nominated for Oscar
What is the best title for the passage ? Love Music Is Not Natural But Nurture	'Improve Your Brain By Listening to Music
Who is Charlie Schulz according to the passage ? The boy used fail school	'The boy who was good at everything
With the help of a Hong Kong businessman , Zhang Yonghong ran shop Beijing	'could support the daily life of his family
What is the money used for according to this text ? To help Aidan Sullivan another operation .	"""To help pay for Aidan Sullivan 's life insurance ."
After the survey , it can be inferred that workers may change attitudes towards - work drinks	'all the workers oppose after - work drinks
"The English saying "" mind over matter "" means that . mind strong effect body"	'a sound mind is less important than a good health
What is the best title of this passage ? The secret working mother	'A working family is continuing
What does Sandra Wilkins think of people using others ' Internet service ? He thinks unacceptable .	'He thinks it is good for Internet service providers .
In the zoos ,     Some cages small many animals zoo .	"'All animals are very happy .', ""Animals do n't eat enough food ."
A frog has four legs short tail	'four legs but he has a long tail
If the Games take place in Canada , American television networks willing pay much higher amounts television rights	"""ca n't broadcast popular events live in the best viewing hours"
The best title for the passage is Reaching Top Mountain	'Standing at the Top of the Mountain
In Wang Feixuan 's opinion , every minute last term important	'students still have a lot of time to waste
Tegan 's Dad followed her secretly to find out kind tea drunk	'whether there was any tea left
From the passage we can learn that teenage girls influence family budgets teenage boys	"""teenage boys do n't want to decide on household spending"
What does the writer want everyone to do by improving their talents and skills ? To offer help old people difficulties .	'To quit on their country to earn more money .
Which of these can you conclude from reading the article ? The attempt overcome shyness always rewarding	'Shy people never have any fun
What 's the best title of the passage ? A School Bus Driver 's Lesson Life	"'A School Bus Driver in the Gentle Mist', ""A School Bus Driver 's Training Manual"
The young man is crying at the cemetery because he ca n't tell mother loved	'spends all his money on the roses
What makes travel more attractive than before ? Travelling air countries much cheaper today .	'Modern telegraph   lines make travel less expensive .
According to the passage we know China childhood obesity rate rural areas lower major cities	"'weight - loss camps was very popular in China six years ago', 'about 290 million Chinese are overweight in China in all', ""America 's childhood obesity rate is lower than China 's"
What is the best title of the passage ? Nuclear Plants Europe Are Delayed	'Watch Out for the Danger of Nuclear Power
The gifts that the writer received on his 40th birthday show that charge cooking home	"""his children do n't know him at all"
Some children are afraid of bad dreams , scary movies snakes	'the darkness 
What is the primary benefit of using smart phones with embedded inertial sensors ? No additional infrastructure would needed .	'They require new equipment 
In fact , Mr. Smith will soon be all right if Mrs. Smith stops talking much night	'Mrs. Smith takes the bottle of medicine
A person ca n't take money for driving lessons unless he teacher 's license	'has learnt to drive in a driving school
The passage is mainly about whether talk phones served	'why we can talk on mobile phones while shopping
Which of the following is TRUE about the story ? The little elephant learned use truck wash back .	'No one would like to play with the little elephant .
The study by Phil McAleer and his colleagues aims to find out      . whether people make instant impression voice	'how to change some aspects of voice
Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? Most people admit feel guilty favoring one child another .	'Some people were overshadowed by a favored sibling when they were young .
From the passage we know Malmqvist deep feeling towards Chinese literature	'teaches many Chinese students m the university
Which child is younger ? May	'Dick is
The passage is mainly written for students ' parents	'high school teachers
"Why does the writer say""Recent HBL tournaments have been very competitive "" ? Because n't school taking advantage ."	"'Because HBL fever just keeps getting hotter .', ""Because it 's become the place to spot young basketball talent ."
The author writes the text to tell readers choose helpful English reading	'what are good English books
As people grow older , they    feel harder experience happiness	'will take fewer risks in pursuing happiness
What 's the name of the new picture book that recaptures the capital 's Lunar New Year traditions for children ? Spring Festival Beijing	'Celebrating the Lantern Festival
"What is "" Vocation Vacations "" according to the passage ? A program learning new job holiday ."	"""The best way of enjoying time with one 's family ."
The text is intended to inform readers Apple Store	'recommend a new product of Apple
We can know from the passage that Dr . Pimsleur    developed course helping adults learn new language easily .	'is the owner of the Pimsleur language programs .
Which statement is TRUE according to the passage ? People may idea solve emotional problem dream .	"'Students will forget what they have learned if they go to sleep immediately after study .', ""It 's all right to have a night of sleep debt if you fulfill several days of basic sleep need ."
"By quoting    the McDonald 's ad : "" We do it all for you "" , the author intends to show readers American idea good customer service"	'suggest that customers believe what commercials say deeply
What is the best title for the text ? Justin Bieber 's journey success	'Lucky boy-- Justin Bieber
Why does science meet the same problem in Japan , the US and Europe ? People satisfied comfortable life high - tech devices bring .	"""People believe they do n't need to develop their science any more ."
What does the author mainly tell us in this passage ? He mainly introduces 4D film Merlin Entertainments .	'He mainly introduces the London Eye entertainment centre .
What can people do with the placards ? Drivers use picking disabled people	'Disabled people can pay for parking with them .
More people can go to the beaches near Boston if sewage plant built	'the city puts its garbage in the ground
The chemicals from pesticides and fertilizers found in water are of increasing concern because importance man 's health completely known	'they can find their way into water supplies for farmers
"Dave Winer closed his "" weblogs . Com "" because He could n't afford increasing money needed run blogs"	'more than 100
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? If 'd like enjoy songs , 'll face music .	"'When actors have to face the music ', ' it means they have to go on stage to perform ', ' however changeable the situation is .', 'When you have to face the music ', ' it is probable that you have met something unpleasant .', ""If a child does something against his parent 's will "
Kate 's mother thinks that running makes get thinner	'running is cool
World Slow Day is intended to remind people live work natural pace	'tell people to walk slowly
.The best title of this passage should be When Cut Finger Is More Serious Than It Might Seem	'Hospital Emergency Treatments For Injured Fingers
What can be inferred from the passage ? You 'd better learn professor .	"'Those teaching in a university are all professors .', ""Those without a doctoral degree ca n't find a job ."
"What does the writer mean "" Some of the islands are only used for fishing or farming "" ? There people living islands Maldives ."	'People in Maldives like traveling very much .
Twain told his friend that n't enough money two tickets	'he would buy a ticket for him
Which of the following could be the best title of the passage ? The Telenoid , future robot musician .	'How to teach robots to perform music .
From the story we can guess Jess friends class	"""Cindy was Jess 's best friend in the class"
What can we learn from the text ? Espiritu thought possible fro fans prefer iPhone - performances .	'It was Espiritu who came up with teh idea of the video .
We may infer from the passage that     author describes case	'the author is for the economic growth
What 's the best title for the passage ? The Taipei Palace Museum	'The most famous art piece -- Jade Cabbage
The writer writes the passage mainly to    introduce new research finding	'stress the influence of media on girls
"The writer writes the passage to tell us ""   Let mother know much love"	'Buy roses for your mother when she is ill
Where did Brazil win the bidding for the 2016 Olympics ? In Copenhagen , Denmark .	'In Rio de Janeiro 
What does the passage mainly discuss ? The role leaders social groups .	'The problems faced by leaders .
What 's the writer 's purpose of writing this article ? To explain MIB course getting popular .	'To make an advertisement for the MIB course .
Since people like what robots do , what do you think this means for the future ? More better robots built .	'People will stop making robots .
If your children show much interest in the growth of plants , you may show them plants drink water	'how to make a leaf book
""" I tried a new barber 's shop today . "" means Jack barber 's shop"	"""this barber 's shop was a new one"
Where can you see a variety of wild animals ? In Kruger National Park .	'In the Fisheries Museum of the Atlantic .
Which of the following is extremely difficult for Beau - Roc primary school ? Finding chalk , school books materials .	"""Persuading local women to care about their children ' s education ."
Which of the Following can be the best title of the passage ? A Wrong Question	"""Sue 's Dog"
The author wrote the article to inform us recent discovery ecological research .	'introduce how grasshoppers make noises to attract mates .
Which is the best title of this passage ? We Have Same Mother	'Henry Copied the Composition
Which of the following statements is true ? Many individuals also plays important part advancing understanding oceans , Maury .	"""Humans did n't explore the oceans until the 19th century ."
What would be the best title for the text ? What Causes Waves	'Beautiful Waves
A University of California advisor said almost students felt less stress taking University California advising course	'all students could overcome the anxiety after taking a special test anxiety program
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? . Iceland possesses factors perfect setting stories .	'Siggurdsson won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1955 .
Mr. Pontellier criticizes his wife because wholly devoted children	'she does little housework but sleep
If you want to do computer studies , you need to valid Public Library card	'register for each session a month in advance
Which of the following statements is true according to the passage ? A large number guests world politics invited .	'The guest list for the wedding is officially announced .
We can infer < ) teacher may criticize   Donald	'Donald may study hard at math
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Term - time jobs university lead poorer examination results .	'Students at university like to take part - time jobs to support themselves 
"By saying "" It was like a race""(in Para 3 ) , the writer means Momand tried compete neighbors way life"	'Momand and his wife kept themselves busy
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? Whether poor rich maybe bad diet .	'Even the poor can enjoy enough fruit and fish consumption .
What happened to the hare one day ? Her enemy came neat danger .	'She had an argument with her friend 
It is suggested in this passage that you photograph common people	'important people
What can be inferred from the passage ? The fishermen difficulty catching large squid .	'The squid is from a science fiction story .
From the passage we know that in SS 2016 accessories important part fashion	'shoe designers are trying to have high - heels
What 's the most important thing in budgeting for presents according to Beacham ? Spending money within limit set .	'Working out how much money to spend in total .
We can infer from the passage that Muller 's honored works based experience	"""most of Ms . Muller 's novels are unsuccessful works"
This year 's Wimbledon men 's tennis final is mentioned to indicate great influence media meshing	'so many people worldwide are watching TV
The smallest boy threw the ball high and far over the third baseman 's head , probably because that boy obviously aware pitcher 's purpose	'looked forward to winning the game for his team
Which of the following is true according to Doctor Siegel ? Dreams help us find problems need solve .	"""Dreams play a very important role in the world 's balance ."
Which of the following do you think is the most difficult ? To make flames love burning forever .	'To fall in love with a person .
Why does the doctor take a person 's temperature when he gets sick ? Because temperature sign show whether sick .	'Because his temperature is always the same 
Which of the following is NOT true ? It 's hour 's train ride Princeton University north New York City .	'Princeton offers two undergraduate degrees .
What is the advice made by the Department of Health on drinking alcohol during pregnancy ? No drinking pregnant women .	'An ounce a day after the first three months .
What 's the main purpose of this passage ? To tell us danger sea - level rise .	'To explain why sea - level is rising .
Which of the following description about Vancouver is NOT true according to the passage ? Vancouver leading centre global agriculture industry .	'The Port of Vancouver ranks first in North America in total foreign exports
Many people noticed Qualls ' site because world cyberspace develops fast uncontrollable	'Qualls shares her design with her friends
What is the purpose of the passage ? To make ad book sell .	'To tell us something about a new book .
What is the article mainly about ? Mistakes people make understandings time .	'How emotions affect time keeping abilities .
The main purpose of the passage is to call people big cities pay attention politeness	"""blame the schoolboy 's rude behavior towards elderly women on tube or bus"
The best title of this passage is A special umbrella - Lampbrella	'Why Belyaev created the Lampbrella
Which of the following would be the BEST title for the passage ? Women Love Talk	'Women Are Socially Trained to Talk
The last sentence of this passage means Webster 's dictionary one used United States	"""most dictionaries in the world are the copies of Webster 's"
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Welcome Van Gogh Gallery	"""Welcome to the Van Gogh 's life"
According to the passage , Michelle Obama came family without good background	'graduated from Anderson College
People usually think that one succeed without college degree	'technical skills are most important for landing a job
Which of the following statements is NOTtrue ? The old man needed $ 100 much .	'The old man believed in God piously   .
Why is the writer surprised when he gets to the Palumbos ' house ? Because parents family two countries .	'Because there are only three people in the family .
Which of the following is the best title    for this passage How Newtown Became Very Clean Place	'How to Kill Rats
What did Sara think of Betty when talking with her ? Betty take turn .	'Betty was talkative .
What might happen at the end of the story ? They make friendship	"'Beth answers her letter two day later', ""The letter does n't reach Beth at all"
The following tips can protect us from swine flu EXCEPT keeping us away people	'avoiding close contact with sick people
Which statement is true ? The Common Market economic political association	'The Common Market is only a political association .
The passage is mainly about World Laughter Day significance	'the worldwide laughter movement
What 's the main idea ? Shortage fresh water .	'Water will never be used up .
Which of the following can NOT be concluded from the passage ? Earthquakes impossible depths 460 miles .	'The number of earthquakes is closely related to the depth .
People in the city of Perthturned on lights to greet Glenn	'guide Glenn to land
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Shakespeare published sonnets 1609 .	"""Shakespeare did n't write any plays between 1592 and 1594 ."
What does the Indiana University study imply ? Handwriting increase brain activity	"'Children should practice writing letters', ""It 's good for children to enter a functional MRI ."
Which of the following has nothing to do with Shay 's becoming the hero for his team ? The opposing players failed stop running home .	'The pitcher did not throw the ball to the first baseman .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? You run quickly playing regular volleyball .	'You can hit the ball with much less power when playing beach volleyball .
"The writer wrote the passage to suggest readers read book "" Hoops """	'teach readers how to play basketball
What are you required to do to apply for the program ? Complete application forms email .	'Take a face - to face interview
The researchers surveyed the students in Israel in order to prove blogging effective solving teens ' emotional problems	'make us believe that blogging is a must for teenagers
What is the best title of this text ? Companionship books	'Life without books
The passage is mainly about restoring sense touch	'fooling a clever monkey
From the text we can know     . patient got better operation	'the patient refused to obtain a donor heart
According to the author , n't rich order give	'giving means you will lack money
When summer comes , many Americans hope meet new people	'expect to find some close friends
The author intends to tell us learn English well experience	'tell us that English is hard to learn
Kinari Webb set up the clinic for the following purposes EXCEPT forcing hospital area	'protecting the forests
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Art Institute Chicago mixture traditional modern art .	"'There are a lot of interactive parts in waxwork museums .', ""You 'd better read the stories before visiting the holocaust Memorial Museum ."
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ?     As wonderful experience , skydiving recommended people .	"""The successful diving is a good way to celebrate Ms Budge 's 31st birthday ."
The world is thirsty for water because n't enough fresh water	"'a lot of water goes into sewer systems', ""only 70 % of the earth 's surface is water"
We can learn from the passage that The Good Earth well - received American readers	'Pearl Buck attended a college in China
What 's the aim of the Slow Food movement ? To encourage people slow .	'To call on people to eat out .
Why did the author give the backpack to the principal ? To make Jake avoid feeling embarrassed .	'To let him know how poor Jake was .
What kind of books do you think will interest Alice most ? Books pictures conversations .	'Books that her sister was reading .
The Brazilian streets are mentioned to show that great soccer player may born slum area	'people in poor areas are born with some unique quality
The writer always went to the library because wanted gain knowledge help many books	'the teacher asked her to do so
According to the passage , the white foam plant juice mixed spittlebugs ' waste air	'does much harm to the plant
Athol Klieve seems to believe that farm animals blame increase greenhouse gases	'cattle and sheep produce more carbon dioxide
From the passage , we can infer that idea get away present routine life appeals many people	'it is a dream for people to open a hostel named after their favorite book
The most widespread problem in applying oneself to study is failure keep set timetable work	'the unwillingness to work out a systematic plan
According to Donna Fernandes , the gorilla bit the zoo keeper because excited see zoo keeper	'he was too angry to see the zoo keeper
Which one of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? Bragg became professor University Adelaide 1885 .	'Bragg won the Rumford Medal and the Copley Medal in the same year .
The reason why children perform better after watching a 3D movie is that 3D movie makes brain active	'a 3D movie is more exciting than a 2D movie
In reading , if you meet a new word which has something important to do with the sentence , you 'd better stop look	'not look it up and just go on reading
Vicki used to loss real happiness	'live a happy life in a big house
Which of the following directly take part in the campaign to help child beggars ? One Foundation Shanghai Time Plastic Surgery Hospital	"'Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and China Daily', ""The All - China Women 's Federation and Xinhua News Agency"
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Arthur sets good example serious illness .	"'Arthur has finished all his videos .', ""Arthur does n't speak Portuguese fluently ."
From the passage we know The gardener n't know happening patch first .	'The vegetables were sorry to see the tree drying up .
According to the text , the hairpieces are comfortable safe	"""made of children 's hair"
The third passage mainly tells us writer 's favorite clothes	"""the writer 's favorite sports"
What is the passage mainly about ? According experts , Arctic may free ice soon global warming climate change .	'The Arctic melting sea ice will affect the planet greatly .
It is important for parents to be aware of their children 's learning style because helps know exactly problems children	'every child has his / her own learning style
The waiter stops the boy because man n't give money meal ice cream	"""the boy does n't have the meal"
What causes the laws to protect children 's rights to be ineffective ? The laws general hard put effect .	"""The laws are so complicated that people do n't understand them ."
Which of the following statements is true ? Shadow small healthy dog	'The Browns have never had a pet before
The following statements are all right except I write encouraging words food	'we feed the homeless every Saturday or Sunday night
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? Most volunteers first group graduated college .	'Volunteers served as teachers to work for no pay in Accra 
Receiving watches in the wrong colours is a problem because     . watches difficult sell	'the Hong Kong agent stressed the need to fulfill the order exactly
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? The kisses box	'A girl and her father
What can we know about organic farming ? It refers farming natural materials , instead chemical fertilizers .	'It refers to farming with chemical fertilizers rather than natural fertilizers .
Which of the following is true ? Supercomputer used food companies .	'A personal computer needs 300 years to finish the work that a supercomputer does in a day .
From the passage we can learn that Spanish student 's description country excited Angus	'more and more people went to Scotland to practise their English
What have Logan 's team found out from their recent experiments ? Crows able understand learn cause effect relationships .	'Crows prefer to get their food reward from wider tubes .
Which of the following is the best title ? Spring break expands horizons	'Reading 10
When setting goals , you should begin small goals	'concentrate on your final goals
What does the author write this passage for ? To tell people cherish every day find meaning life .	"'To show how to make good use of every day in life .', ""To explain the true meaning of his brother - in - law 's words ."
Frumtje accepted Moses ' request in the end because of Moses ' good heart honesty	"""Moses ' sweet words and devotion"
What can be learned , about Blenheim Palace ? It one world 's heritage sites .	"""It is the Europe 's largest and greatest palaces ."
Why did Long retire 14 years ago ? Because hoped spend time wife .	'Because he found no band talent in Troy .
"What does the author mean by saying "" the Glastonbury Festival has gone from strength to strength "" ? The festival achieved growing success ."	'Great efforts have been made to hold the festival .
According to the passage , which of the following is wrong ? People get cheaper goods traditional business	'Traditional business can provide valuable services to customers
According to the passage , the boy 's father already checked garage see whether car still serviced	'guessed correctly that his son had gone to watch movies
What does the author recomusend ? A regular life weekday 's weekends .	'A suitable account of alcohol to help sleep .
When the salesman gave me the change ,     I slower accept salesman give	"""I purposely did n't want to accept it from the salesman"
What did the girl need ? uniform brother	'a pair of new shoes
Who was the first person to raise the alarm ? A passenger taking train across Thames .	'A person who was walking on the bridge over the Thames .
According to the passage , colds are commonly seen in winter because staying together indoors makes easier viruses pass	"""viruses can go into people 's warm bodies more easily in winter"
In the writer 's opinion , which of the following about raising a child is TRUE ? Parents educate children early possible .	'Children should be respected once they were born .
This article is written to give a report on results survey college students	'how students think about suicide
In the text , the writer mainly tells us son good teacher	'what his son studied at school
Usually , Mrs. Totten asked her students to answer homework questions orally	'recite their homework together
What is the text mainly about ? Oxford school government plans .	'Political leaders from Oxford .
What can be said about MITx according to the text ? It standard recognize online learners ' achievement .	'It is first offered as part of the edX learning program .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Merlin made surprising entrance day .	'Nothing happened to Merlin at the party .
"The upside down   "" fu "" means    good luck comes"	'good fortune
By taking up the offer , the voucher holders can choose to book either basic twin double room chosen B&Bs	'have lunch or evening meal without paying extra money
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Two Strangers Wedding	'A Wedding Based on Love
The experiment with 26 sleeping infants prove that babies learn even asleep	'babies can respond to the world around them
It can be inferred from the passage that fire safety lessons aimed American children	'American children have not received enough education of fire safety lessons
By buying large amounts of food in developing countries , WFP aims to encourage farmers produce food	'help farmers to increase their income
What happened to Sam one evening this May ? His car broke .	"""He could n't reach the gas station ."
Which of the following is TRUE ?    A student learn study	'School education is not important for a person
"The word "" them "" in Line 7 , Para . 2 refers to new models artificial hearts"	'makers of artificial hearts
Cyndi Lauper got high school diploma already thirty - five	'had been studying in high school before she was thirty - five
According to the passage , small talk is something talk start conversation .	'a kind of conversation with short words .
Some people seem not interested in cloning pets because think cloned pet would one	"""they do n't think scientists will one day be able to clone their pets"
By visiting the Transport for London website , people can find nearest subway station	'locate the nearest bus station
Xiao Xiao is mentioned as an example to show that Parents today expect high children .	'parental influence over children is decreasing .
From the passage we know that school students usually stay away school one half months summer	'factory holidays are as long as school holidays
Which of the following is NOT true ? Disrupting natural body rhythm lead obesity .	'Our alertness is influenced by our natural body rhythm
If you are interested in protecting the environment , you can take part in Youth Exchange 4	'Youth Exchange 1
How does the danger of sitting too much affect the human body ? It causes gene fail balance glucose fat body .	'It increases glucose and fat in the body .
If we want to build China into a modern country . We must 	'try to use all kinds of machines
How do students usually study everyday according to the story ? Have classes school , take notes homework .	'Have classes at school and use online tools at home .
Which is NOT TRUE according to the passage ? If place live , put notice newspaper certainly get room live .	'The habit of reading newspapers is found among most people .
What can we do to make our world a better place at home and school ? . Do forget reuse daily necessities .	'Use shopping bags made of plastic .
Which of the following will the writer probably agree with ? Too much tolerance endanger foundations democratic systems .	'By tolerating people can transform something negative into the opposite .
Scientists ' explanation for rain of blood is that flying birds torn pieces strong winds	"""the tornado picked up the birds ' blood"
What was the real - world memory test like ? It involved tour process recalling details .	'It needed young volunteers to complete some tasks .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Jack last one give gift grandpa .	'Jack was the first one to give his gift to his grandpa .
In spite of Bruce 's warning , the author still cut the tree because n't sure Bruce right anxious go home	"""he did n't hear his friend 's warning at all because of the blowing wind"
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? Their father away war , leaving home mother .	'Their father died when he was fighting with others .
Which of the following remains a unique feature of the English countryside ? Cottages thatched roofs .	'Narrow streets lined with pink or white houses .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Luke came love wild things kid .	'Luke acted for the first time at the age of 16 .
Which is not highly linked with the aging according to the passage ? Long - term shortage care love .	'Long - term physical disability .
Which of the following does Bill Gates think is not correct ? Some lives worth saving others .	"""We act sometimes as if the people suffering do n't exist ."
According to the passage , President Jackson n't good reading , writing spelling	"""did n't like to read important papers by himself"
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? The teacher 's feelings attitudes important students .	'Some traditional teachers do not like it .
Which of the following is NOT talked about in this passage ? China 's new products excellent .	'Zhao Tao is a middle school student .
We can infer from the text that It unclear avoid jet lag 's side effects	"'The experiments were carried out on a jet plane', ""Side effects of jet lag will remain in one 's whole life"
It is the most important for us students to have    short - term goals	'long - term goals
Which is TRUE according to the passage ? Allen happy play game .	"""Ivy does n't like to study ."
After the interview , we can infer that Maxwell find another job interview .	'Maxwell will celebrate his big day .
According to the text , which of the following is TRUE ? Cats accepted brought Europe Romans .	'Cats started to move around the world from China .
Which of the following statements is TRUE , according to the passage ? A majority grandparents surveyed said five grandchildren .	'One - third of grandparents aged 50 and older assist in bringing up their grandchildren .
The writer wants to tell us that must careful swimming	'swimming is a good sport
"What does "" talking pictures "" mean according to this article ? The picture play 's recorded person picture "" talks "" ."	'You can have a talk with the person in the picture whenever you want to .
Which of the following is true according to the four pieces of news ? Tong Liqing Chongqing wrongly jailed nearly 7 years local lawyer proved innocence .	'Girls from Chinese mainland intend to marry to a man whoever is a Hong Kong resident .
"The best title for the text could be A Year without "" Made China """	'China Free Living : A Trouble One
Which of the following is TRUE about the City Light Tour On tour , see Helix Bridge , looks like DNA structure	"'It is a great tour to explore the history ', ' culture and lifestyle of Singapore', ""You 'll have a glimpse of a unique mixture of East and West during the tour"
Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ? The girl suffered brain injuries accident .	'The girl loved her teddy bear very much .
What do we know about the Great Pacific Ocean Garbage Patch ? It made various kinds plastic products .	'It is a solid mass of floating waste materials .
What can we learn from the text ? It iS much crowded Mal6 London .	'Another island will be used as a dumping ground .
How did grandma feel when Daniel announced his intention to give her one of his kidneys ? She n't happy offer .	'She felt relieved that an appropriate kidney was available .
It can be inferred from the passage that adults might less affected high chemical levels fish	'children like eating fish because it smells fishy
It can be inferred from the passage that Internet allows people communicate quickly	'people have to pay to download software
"According to the passage , what is""green fashion "" ? Wearing clothes good Earth ."	'Wearing the colour green all the time .
What can be the best title for the passage ? Hunters Pay Kill Fenced Animals	'Animals Are Easy to Kill
It can be inferred from the passage that     greater percentage women advancing professionally US past	'professional men refuse to go on business trips with women
Ponce was killed second stay Florida	'on his way to Florida
"Why does the author say "" Public speaking is easy . "" ? Because considers public speaking say something plain speech ."	"'Because he considers that when someone speaks in public ', "" he does n't bite his finger - nails ."
For many years art lovers all around the world have wondered Mona Lisa smiled	'who Mona Lisa lived with
Which is the best title of this passage ? Paper cutting	'The ways of paper cutting
When sibling rivalry happens , it proves a fact that brothers sisters n't get along well	'brothers and sisters will have to get away from their home
In which way are the Channel Islands different from all the other island holiday places The weather better .	'The coasts are easily reached from the main centers .
"Which of the following statements can show "" the bench has been effective "" ? The workshop kids set good example ."	'The PTSO has decided to provide more buddy benches .
Which of the following can be the best title ? Are Humans Definitely Causing Global Warming ?	'How can we stop global warming ?
The four people 's topic is focused on     . whether restaurants ban tipping	'how diners feel in American restaurants
The writer wrote the passage to warn young people hardships successful writer experience	"'advise young people to give up their ideas of becoming a professional writer', ""show young people it 's unrealistic for a writer to dream of wealth and fame"
After seeing the beautiful lady , the woman concluded beautiful lady led rich happy life	'the beautiful lady liked to show off herself
Which of the following can best serve as the title of this passage ? Should n't We Know Who Invented Windshield Wiper ?	'How to Help Students to Sell Their Inventions to Producers ?
The author 's purpose in writing the text is to explain history characteristics folk art America	'speak highly of folk art
The writer believes that if you want to be good at a foreign language , you will probably get tired learning	'become a talented language learner
Which of the following information is NOT given in the passage ? Free gifts souvenirs .	'Admission charges for group visitors .
From the passage , we know that food stuck teeth may hurt teeth	"'all of the doctors agree that flossing is good for your heart', ""doctors ' judgment about flossing is based on medical research"
Why is Mrs. Reed bitter towards Jane ? Because Mr. Reed loved Jane children .	"""Because Jane inherited Mr. Reed 's fortune ."
What 's the difference between the behavior of male and female rats ? Female rats showed concern trapped partners .	'Male rats cared more about their trapped partners than females .
Why does the author of the passage complain ? Because people interested talking dreams	'Because most people are overexcited about their dreams
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Fish remember .	"'Fish behave aggressively in a fight .', ""Fish do n't belong to the list of smart animals ."
The research led by Sandy indicates that people who multitask poorest results various things time	'prefer handling different things when getting bored
According to the passage , today 's students are advised to read fast understand key points	'understand all the words they have read
Which of the following is right ? Alan good memory .	'Alan knows a lot about American history .
"According to the passage , we know The "" epidemic model "" plays important role making business grow spreading idea ."	"'The "" epidemic model "" came into being in the early 1990s ."
What suggestion does the author give in the passage ? The best choice buyer buy product plain package .	"""It 's not good to buy the product which is sold in a glass or dish ."
According to passage , which is more reasonable ? Some women feel unhappy hurricanes given names .	'A lot of women complain of the Weather Bureau .
It can be known from the report of the US Department of Education that guns control US schools	"""American children do n't have the right to go to school"
When Queen Victoria came to power , minority people lived towns worked offices	'people enjoyed a very convenient transportation
According to Lu Fang , MOOCs have become popular because high quality educational resources demand	'students can attend courses in famous universities
We can infer from the passage that children spend pocket money	'boys earn more money at home than girls
What are the common roles of moms and dads in all cultures ? Moms take care children dads bring home food make family rules .	'Moms bring home food by having fulltime jobs and dads take care of their children at home .
The passage aims to report use electronic textbooks school	'show how to use electronic textbooks
"What is the similarity between "" Share your stress "" and "" Go ahead and cry "" ?    They help let feelings"	'They both need physical movement
What do we know about Knott 's Berry Farm from the passage ? It far Disneyland .	'It is in Northern California .
Which organizations are suitable for a teacher to volunteer in Wales ? Community Service Volunteers Volunteering Wales .	'National Council for Voluntary Organizations and Student Hubs .
According to the passage , psychologists try to interpret people 's dreams asking people dreams	"'by recording higher level brain activity', ""by comparing people 's memories of their dreams with an electronic visualization"
Johnson 's words suggest that feels behavior little harm	'he opposes killing sharks
Amelia 's flight was important because Amelia first woman fly across Atlantic alone	'Amelia was a woman pilot
Which of the following is NOT true ? The audience knew something wrong .	'The school drama director asked the writer to play a role .
The people had to leave the region of New Mexico because cut trees	'there were many trees there
According to the passage , the title suggests that time batteries gone forever	'batteries should be greatly improved
The rise in global temperatures between 1901 and 2012 likely cause many species become extinct	'is not serious because most of the extra heat has been absorbed by the oceans
The purpose of education is prepare children mainly future work	'to choose the system of education
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Meyer never thought successful today .	'A talent agency is to oversee the production of movies .
Two dogs created by artists are Snoopy Lassie	'Rin Tin Tin and Snoopy
From the passage we can know that European officials paid much attention CCD	'CCD has destroyed most of the honey bee colonies in Europe
How did the air in London become much cleaner ? A law made keep people burning coal houses .	'Many factories in the city were closed
Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? Neither Lincoln 's speech Everett 's popular .	"""Lincoln 's speech has deep meaning though it is simple in style ."
In repeated tests , 24 out of the 30 rats helped trapped partners shared chocolate	'freed their trapped partners before they ate the chocolate alone
Why did the writer say it was hard to do anything during the storm ? The light candles weak .	'It was too cold in the room .
The novel Love mainly describes memories five women Bill Cosey	'the best - known vacation spot for blacks
The main point of the article is to inform us fear phobia	'show us what kind of role fear plays in our lives
The writer wrote the passage to tell us about     favourite shop	'his favourite model
Which of the following statements is tree according to the passage ? Tito first American tourist space .	'Tito contributed all of his wealth to his space trip .
The spider did n't believe the little bug because nothing happened	'she thought the little bug was her enemy
What 's the best title for the passage ? A man beaten due protecting abused dog	"""A dog 's owner was put in prison due to his beating the dog"
What is the main reason of the food scandals in China ? Too many people pay attention making money .	'Some products do not obey the laws .
"How do you understand the last sentence "" The doll , given by ' Angel of Joy ' "" , made her the happiest "" child "" in the world ? Joyce seemed realize dream childhood----receiving parents ' gift ."	"""Amy 's doll gift made Joyce feel so happy that she smiled like a child"
We can infer from the passage that Doris Lessing written many different subjects .	"""Journalists are very interested in the election of Doris Lessing 's for Nobel Prize ."
From tbe two letters , we can learn Professor Raj Persaud feels doubtful value tipping	'believes tipping improves quality of service
Why does the author write the text ? To introduce Chinese folk culture .	'To stress the importance of oxen in farming .
How many tigers and monkeys are there in the story ? One tiger one monkey .	'Two tigers and two monkeys .
The research conducted by Eric Peterson mainly focused on adolescent sleep requirements	'the later public school start time
Concussions among young players seem extremely worrying	'cause kids to lose interest in sports
Which of the following is NOT the reason why Martin 's father agreed to buy him a car ? . Martin able learn drive quickly .	'Martin would go to college and it was far from home .
If we have a positive body image , we will like accept	'concentrate on our body image only
Why did the author think his mother 's death was unnecessary ? Because high blood pressure could prevented .	"""Because her blood clot was n't a deadly disease at the time ."
. The passage is mainly concerned with wildlife kinds returning large cities live	'falcons in New York 
Mum Nevenka Loknar was surprised that the bear clever getting obstacles	'knew how to use wire cutters
What is the purpose of this passage ? To introduce new banking service .	'To set up a club .
What does the passage mainly tell us ? It hard buy tickets railway station Spring Festival .	'People go home much more easily during the Spring Festival .
Which of the following is NOT the author 's advice ? Join one noblest Yoga clubs .	"""Do n't easily follow the fashion about Yoga ."
What did Mitin help me do ? He taught file - sharing networking .	'He helped me with my homework .
What was it that helped to make the High School Basketball League wildly popular to the public ? Broadcasting games television .	'The co - operation with Nike 
What do you know about the 10cyber games ? They suitable teenagers .	'They are expected to help parents to better direct their children in the summer vacation .
Why did they become apart when going older ? The writer 's husband move one place another	'Because the writer got married 
If the government is to print a slogan on the coupons to restore consumers ' confidence , what might be used to promote the idea ? Spend , save later .	"""Spend money like there 's no tomorrow ; come on !"
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? People never go activities alone .	'People usually take part in fewer activities in winter .
According to the passage , the writer thinks tourists respect local customs culture	'tourism is not a promising industry
In the past many people thought . women could work well	'that women must get the same chance as men in education and jobs
We can learn from the passage that The volunteers asked listen three pieces music	'sad music only causes sadness in listeners
The initial aim of starting the Children 's Development Khazana is to safeguard homeless children 's hard - earned money	'provide for jobs for homeless children
Why should we be careful about the land on which a building is to be sited ? To make sure land contains radioactive material .	'To determine whether the land is firm enough for a building to be sited on .
The writer criticized   Paul when he took away toy Bailey	"""put the Lego into Bailey 's mouth"
Which of the following statements is NOT true , according to the passage ? The government estimated damage earthquake early Wednesday .	'The tsunami waves in Pisagua were more than six feet high .
The writer wrote this passage in order to arouse people 's concern caries take measures deal .	'tell the result of the Global Burden of Disease 2010 study .
According to the passage , mother and daughter      . better spend time alone	"""should n't spend too much time in a hotel"
Which of the following is wrong ? The way celebrate Singles Day dinner single friends .	"""Singles Day was first celebrated in Nanjing 's universities ."
According to the passage , the Super Bowl is well - received American football game	'an expensive American sport
Which of the following may be the beat title of the passage ? Big Ben 's Silence	"""Big Ben 's History"
What caused the lack of statistically significant reduction in the overweight and obese group ? They ate less food purpose .	'They were told not to eat a lot .
Why are offices often coloured in cool colours according to the passage ? Because people working relaxed calm .	'Because these colours can make people feel that time passes more quickly .
Why was Juliet sad ? Because much trash park .	"""Because she could n't find her mum ."
It is implied    in the passage that past safety laws introduced governments	'governments and companies had different opinions about the safety of products
According to Elaine Tyrrell , private tutoring is unnecessary cases may harm study students	'effective in language learning but not for exams
Which of the following is the best title for this passage ? Want Eat Healthier ? Bring Healthy Friend Dinner .	'Want to Eat Cheaper ? Bring a Rich Friend to Dinner .
Scientists care so much about the warming in the Arctic region because studying region make predictions future impact global warming	"""the climate in the Arctic does n't change much"
The reason why online newspaper readership increase is that younger readers prefer visit newspaper websites	'print newspapers are expensive to buy
Who . do you think are Tania 's audience ? The prime minister Cape York leaders . .	'Aboriginal people .
The Production Manager responsible deal advertisers	"'is also called "" Producer """
Which statement is wrong according to the passage ? Local people worry losing profit tea .	'Coffee stores have spread to small towns in India .
The following advice is given in the article EXCEPT To study possible time place .	'To put a pen 
Which of the following is one of some observers ' opinions ? The economic situation discouraging youth attend college .	'The students expect so much that they are not satisfied with the hard college life .
If you want to write articles for the Simple English Wikipedia , you should use easy words shorter sentences describe valuable information	'learn how to write pages in a famous university first
It can be known from the passage that Bruce Hoffman was    terrorism expert USA	'an athlete who competed in Sochi
At last the doctor kept John Tally hospital	'kept John in hospital but let Tally leave
Which of the following ca n't be inferred from the text ? Billy Rogers began play tennis college .	'Billy Rogers likes children very much .
What can be inferred from the text ? Green living new trend American colleges .	"""A long - term development calls for students ' efforts ."
Queen Victoria is said to be the first woman in Britain to wear white wedding dress	'wear a veil as a bride
What do we know from the research on SM ? SM never felt fearful disgusted .	'It was easy for her to avoid danger .
The writer concludes that Williamson 's history lesson was welcome because cared enough put heart teaching	'he had a very rich knowledge of American history
The English like to eat cakes cookies tea	'drink their tea plain
What do they think of their mother 's proposal of not having any Christmas gifts ? They agreed giving money army little help .	'They all agreed to the proposal of not having any Christmas gifts .
From the passage we know that great art shared people	'it is not possible for treasures to be stolen
Employee 's Retraining Board is a plan for teaching new skills older people	'finding jobs for older people
According to the passage , Jane Goodall spent 25 years Africa studying chimpanzees	'wrote a new book about what she learned about chimpanzees
What did the restaurant in Beijing do to support the campaign ? It encouraged customers take leftovers home .	'It gave stickers to the guests who ordered small dishes .
What do we know about mountain sickness ? It mainly influences one 's breathing .	'It can be treated with a plant .
After the tomato fight , the town government cleans streets fire trucks	'provides water to the people
Indian elephants are getting increasingly angry and they revenge because attacked land gets limited	'they are caught and sent for heavy work
Which is Right ? ( ? ) We need healthy .	'Everyone is healthy .
The school looks like big modern beautiful	'big 
Which of the following activities is NOT a creative one according to the passage ? To buy books bookstore .	'To arrange the furniture in a special way .
From the passage we know Zhong Haibo thinks highly working shoe shiners	"""does n't like college life"
What 's the author 's purpose of writing the passage ? To deal hurt losing job .	'To ask the family for help .
The biggest advantage of your posting regular updates is that family friends know changes	'you can keep up with the changes at home
Mrs. Peters got angry because found nightdress wet	'Elvis Presley died that morning
How do Chinese people usually spend New Year 's Eve ? They big dinner stay late welcome New Year .	'They put on new clothes and go to the park .
The author 's parents finally decided to buy a TV because wanted meet daughters ' needs .	"""the children could n't go to school without a TV"
From the passage , we know that    Kelly dreamed astronaut .	'People only have good dreams .
What did the Spanish restaurant group do about food photography ? It ran course instruct customers better take food pictures .	'It told the customers when to take food pictures .
The ideal criteria in using intelligence tests for prediction should be objective reliable achievement tests	'accurate college tests
Huff raised the house 2.7 meters off the ground on wooden pilings in order to prevent water rushing house	'support the weight of the house
Hitler frowned when he saw the sad - looking boy because boy recognized Jew	"""the boy did n't come to the front to salute him"
Why did Senator Gaylord Nelson worry about our planet ?    All .	'The world was getting dirty .
From the passage , we can infer that the writer agrees kids can Have right amount free time permission	'Spend their free time hanging or playing out
According to those who believed Thomas Jefferson invented the lazy Susan , lazy Susan n't exist 18th century	'his daughter was very lazy
Which of the following may be the best title for the passage ? Sleep Health	'The Less Sleep 
Billie Holiday 's parents divorced because Clarence Holiday spent much time working	'Sadie Fagan wanted to move to New York City
From the passage , we can learn that Different festivals different customs	'Australia Day is an important day for family members to get together
What is the best title of the text ? How deal problem wild pigs ?	'Why are wild pigs so hard to control ?
Why was the National Arboretum established by an act of Congress ? To improve environment .	'To protect and study about nine thousand different kinds of plants there .
It can be concluded from the passage that value college degree decreased	"""new college graduates today ca n't find any job"
Which of the following is true ? It 18th century Americans began grow tomatoes food .	"'Americans never ate tomatoes after the 17th century .', ""Even now Americans do n't eat tomatoes ."
How many people have died in the train crash in article 2 ? Four people died crash , including John Phillips .	'Ten people have died in the crash 
Which of the following does NOT share a close meaning in the passage ? Dirt desert	'Moisture and water
"Which of the following statements best reflects an un - schedule ? "" I 'll treat movie progress . """	"'"" Now I have more time for fun . """
What 's the best title for the passage ? Bright Siblings Make You Smarter .	'Genetics Determines Intelligence .
Which of the following statements is true ? The writer made mistakes exam .	'The writer lost 20 marks for the last question .
"According to the passage , "" Journey for Change "" can be best seen as the saying ""   one stone kills two birds"	'God helps those who help themselves
Which of the following is true about Arthur 's story ? He almost lost hope finding perfect wife found Ying .	'He was sure of finding a Chinese woman as his wife at first .
The passage mainly discusses possible solutions solving American traffic problems	'different means of transportation of the United States
Chinese people like to drink tea nothing	'tea with anything in it
Cholera can be treated by eating lot water mixed sugar salt using antibiotics .	'eating a large amount of sugar and salt
"The author writes this passage to discuss give good definition word "" heart """	"'correct others \' inexact explanations of the word "" heart """
Bill Gates was fooled mainly because two comics imitated Canadian Prime Minister well	'the Canadian Prime Minister helped the two comics
Which of the following statements about TJ3Sat is TRUE according to the article ? TJ3Sat receive text messages students send space , change voice messages broadcast back Earth .	'It took a group of students about a decade to build the satellite .
If you can not go to school , find homework	'the teacher will remind you of the homework
""" How to "" books are welcomed in the United States today because books help Americans deal problems modern life"	'these books are cheap
The main purpose of the passage is persuade universities advertise Easyuni.com	'to tell students how to find what they want
.. What does the first part of the passage mainly tell us ? The serious destruction caused great power tsunaml .	'The great speed of a tsunami .
We can infer that films Shirley Temple starred adulthood popular	'Jean Harlow and Mary Pickford appeared in the same film with Temple
The advertisement is mainly aimed at those who 15 oz Stainless mugs	'want to buy 15 oz stainless mugs
Aunty thinks that Phobic should find better way keep cat	'try to persuade her daughter to give in
It can be inferred from the passage that duck likely well cared sanctuary	'the local company will get large profits by selling the T - shirts
Why did the waiter give them two tickets for a bull - fight ? Because cow looked liked bull .	'Because Tom drew a cow not a bull .
Compared with the year2013 , in 2014 people went visit theme parks	'more theme parks became available
We can learn from the passage that    Coursera , one two providers , leads online courses US .	'Economics is the most popular subject among these online courses .
It can be inferred from the passage that neighbours loved cat PJ much	'the cat had visited all the neighbours before leaving
What 's the best title for the passage ? A dreaming tourist place -- Great Yarmouth	'A fishing town into a modern city
What 's the best title of the passage ? The return Milu deer .	'The number of the Mulu deer .
What can you infer from the article ? People better knowledge contributions astronomy .	'More young people will take science as their career after a series of IYA events .
Why did the author think he was officially a bike owner ? He paid debt .	"'He had learned to ride a bike .', ""He could also own Liz 's bike ."
What does GAEA do according to the text ? They help art students improve skills .	'They organize meetings for teachers every two years .
The purpose of this passage is to bring awareness character building	'warn about the pressure to seek success
The main idea of the passage is to try understand children help problem kids	'make friends with problem kids
Which of the following might be the best title for the text ? Celebrations Workplaces Christmas	'Office Parties at Christmas
Which of the following statements is NOT right ? Mom longer teacher home .	'Mom was a good teacher and never wanted to stop her teaching .
Teachers get the most Valentines because many students love teachers	'they send the most
We may know from the passage that pigs useful ordinary people imagine	'people in England like pigs more than other animals
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Many American schools CAIS , founded 25 years ago .	'Understanding Chinese language and culture is helpful to work with Chinese .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The people New York like Swoon 's works .	'The Internet has little influence on street art .
We can infer from the passage that people doubt effects pills	"""the pill will certainly stop people 's emotional memories"
What 's the main idea of this passage ? How develop good relationship teachers .	'What a good teacher - student relationship is .
Judging by what the boy said we can see that boy hated Hitler much	"""the boy 's parents had died"
What happened to Picasso 's work after a long time ? It became abstract .	'He went from using red colours to using blue colours
Which of the following is NOT TRUE ? Lisa tells us five ways learning English .	"'Lisa liked to talk to Americans in English better than before .', ""Mrs Brown 's class was a great help to Lisa ."
The passage primarily argues whether children three sent nursery schools	'day care should be widely spread
Which sentence is not right ? English people like talking personal matters strangers public .	'English people like talking about the weather .
Why did n't Li Feng give up the plane ? Because fighter totally control .	'Because he had no choice but to stay in the plane .
What 's the new cause of bee populations ' declining according to Kerr ? Climate change .	'Pesticide use .
We can learn from the passage that Some people make money stealing online gamers ' game credits selling .	"'there are four gardens in Roger Williams Park Botanical Center .', ""No one likes Yu Dan 's explanation of Confucius 's Analects ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to Tamsin Smith ? Some popular books movies help young Italian people English lot .	'English learning in Italy has been popular for more than a century .
The main reason why the kidnappers could be arrested was that accident tall man tried stop car	"""Gloria 's best friend helped the police to find them"
From the passage , we can learn that single people Western countries treated unfairly .	'single people are always pitied in the world .
Mr Black asked Jamie to write words	'wash his hands
Which of the following may NOT be one of the 18 rules ?     Take school turn silence classes	'Do not use this technology to lie 
At first the author 's friend was worried that swans would peck Canada goose death	'the swans would not help the Canada goose
The author 's purpose in writing this passage is give general introduction sport boxing	'to advertise a band of boxing - related product
How do Chameleons hide ? They change colors .	'They hide in snow .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Behind school garden	'There are many tall building in the town
"The words "" Toby is in a coma . "" may mean Toby ca n't wake talk"	'Toby must leave the hospital
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? Private schools money public schools .	'High - quality private schools deserve to be saved .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the text ? The government taken measures develop economy rural areas .	"'Because of the rapidly rising rural incomes ', "" the income gap between China 's rural and urban residents will disappear this year ."
Why did the man give Joe a piece of paper ? Because wanted Joe answer questions .	'Because he wanted to give Joe a job .
"By saying "" It was n't even an accident that I cheated "" , the author means that decided cheat wasted whole evening"	'he had planned not to study before the test
"What is "" Save the Children "" ? A group works children poor places ."	'An activity to help poor children go to school .
The passage is mainly about celebrity market potential	'celebrity and personal style
What 's the best title for the passage ? The BBC News Service	'The BBC Is Not Commercial
What can we learn from the passage ? Although mothers perfect , love children	"""Most women do n't want to be a housewife ."
From the story , we know snail ca n't see well	"""a snail 's shell is very thin"
How does BBC get most of its money ? It gets money mainly selling licenses .	'The BBC depends on the rent of TV sets .
Why did Bai Yansong wear a green tie on a TV program , Oct 19 , 2011 ? He support students wearing green scarves .	"""He wanted to show his support to the school 's new practice ."
From the story , we know that Jack is large police dog	"""Dick 's good friend"
Race walking is about as dull as watching paint dry because    race walking slow - moving sport	'the number of adults who ride for fitness has grown 70 percent in four years .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Most British people prefer living houses flats .	'British people dislike marking their space .
Mrs Jones is very happy after Mr Jones agree   buy	'Mr Jones gives her the money for the pants
Which of the following statements is NOT true ? American talk show pioneered Oprah .	"""The stop of Oprah 's show reflects the decrease of audience ."
According to the article , which of the following is true to the new playground ? It 's place parents play together kids .	'It stayed open in the evening just as traditional playgrounds .
Why is the old man 's granddaughter is surprised ? Because n't believe   grandfather lost way home .	"""Because her grandfather does n't go home that day ."
"The best title for the passage is ""   Greeting customs different cultures"	'All the ways to greet people
Why did the Indians go to America ? Because northern Asia became cold	'they were interested in America
Which of the following is TRUE according to the survey ? There percentage people preferring weekend people spending 500 yuan weekends .	"""Most office workers ca n't afford things in supermarkets "
What 's the text mainly about ? Ecotourism could endanger survival wildlife people want see .	'Many animals are dying because of lack of money .
Which statement is RIGHT ? Sasha three years younger Malia .	'Sasha is two years older than Malia .
Why did the author write the text ? To introduce organisations developed countries help developing countries technology .	'To explain why education and technology revolution are very important to developing countries .
Which of the following is TRUE ? Vitamin B6 iron make us happier .	'Eating a lot of fish can make us unhealthy .
What should n't you do , if you get lost in the forest ? Walk everywhere find friends .	'Make a small room with branches .
What does the writer want to do by writing this text ? To attract readers surf tourist website .	'To give people tips on family vacations .
The author could not receive full payment because policy n't cover items	"'the contractor overcharged her for the work', ""Mr. Watson does n't take the matter seriously"
Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage ? What time day suitable taking exercise .	'What benefits one can get from taking exercise .
What did Rohm do when she saw the two boys ? She asked ask parents help .	'She asked them to teach her how to perform CPR .
Why did some people dislike TIME in the beginning ? It n't serious tone important events .	"""It did n't report important events quickly enough ."
Which of the following is TURE? Jessica likes Lucy much n't always get along .	"""People below 18 ca n't get driving licenses in New Jersey"
We can infer from the passage that measures taken fight pirates	'it is impossible to fight with piracy
The main purpose of this passage is to give brief introduction English learning site	'tell English learners how to do exercises
Which is the best title for this passage ? Mysteries tree colors	'Colorful trees in autumn
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Greater Jakarta made five cities including South Jakarta .	'The government offers a car to each official in South Jakarta .
What the writer really wanted to do is to try persuade readers pay visit New York	'give readers some information about New York
By quoting the example of Dennis Rodman , the author intends to show that More stars taken part campaign fur clothing .	'Stars are less likely to wear fur .
It is an established fact that factory workers work better , harder , and have fewer accidents when their machines are painted orange rather than black or grey . They tell us , among facts , choose favourite colour grow -- born preference .	'If you do 
After Jack had his hair cut , he thought new barber 's shop worse old one	"""the new barber 's shop was the best one"
What 's the best title of the passage ? Astronauts may soon able enjoy steaming hot pizza	'NASA is trying its best to help astronauts eat better
What 's the best title of the passage ? Joy journey	'When there is a will 
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Eating dark fun advantages well .	'Consumers go to the dark restaurant in order to focus their attention on the food .
lt can be inferred from the passage that . quarantine measures powerless preventing plague	"""doctors ' treatment of plague victims was effective"
The people in the restaurant all ran out because wanted see horse eating fish	'they wanted to see the old man
People choose self - tracking because collects personal data leads self- improvement	'it watches your eating habits
"Which of the sentences from Ogilvie defeated the Duchess completely ? "" On car got damaged headlight . There 's plenty blood . """	"'"" Now "
37 . How do the older generation and the younger one think about money respectively ? To former money real commodity latter means produce money .	'The former thinks more of money than the latter .
If you are very interested in thrilling movies , you will probably be attracted by Vancouver Police Museum	'Accordion Museum
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Scientists found bacteria may related many diseases .	"""Scientists did n't try to find out the cause of overweight ."
It can be inferred from the passage that Fran Tarkenton might take risk blocking	'Fran Tarkenton was angry with the coach
The passage mainly deals with educational problems homeless children	'the legal problems of the homeless children
This text mainly tells us three Asian countries agree promote cultural prosperity East Asia	"'how the program of "" East Asia City of Culture""came into being"
From the story , we can learn that writer tried make stay comfortable island	'the writer had nothing to do on the wild island
The writer of the passage wants to tell us that people use fire carefully	'we know when man began to make a fire
As Yu ' E Bao has become so powerful as a platform for its users , what other Chinese e - commerce groups will do in the future ? They also design online platforms throw dynamic finance .	"""They think there 's no point in keeping money in the bank any more ."
If a westerner invites you to go to his house ,     may refuse n't plan go .	"""you have to accept the invitation even you do n't want to go ."
What does Jason say about long summer holidays ? They harm children 's education .	"'They can help children forget about school .', ""Schools in other countries do n't have long holidays ."
According to Raymond Zhou , Don Draper 's driving a Buick instead of a Cadillac shows Mad Men attaches much importance details	"'Mad Men places an absorbing plot right in its center', ""the director wants to raise the show 's artistic value"
Which of the following is conveyed in this article ? Visiting Facebook website took large part Jamie 's time energy .	'Facebook was created by a Harvard graduate 
What is the best title    of the passage ? Tom 's Birthday Party .	"'Games at a Birthday Party .', ""Tom 's Good Friends ."
The soldier told a lie before the king probably wanted take farm	"""for fear that the king would n't like him any more"
""" Aeropolis will cost a lot of money to make "" means ""   People spend much money building Aeropolis"	'It will take little money to build Aeropolis
In which period can readers find books about racial discrimination written by momen ? In English Renaissance .	'In the neoclassical period .
"By pointing out "" your mobile phone will become a symbol of you "" , what does Nick Lane want to tell us about the mobile phone in the future ? You mobile phone unique look functions like ."	'Others can find us without any difficulties if we carry our mobile phone .
Felicia Knaul 's experience in Mexico shows that patients breast cancer treated differently	'many Mexican women suffer from breast cancer
Which following statement about Albert Schweitzeris TRUE ? He born 1875 village Alsace .	'He began to write books when he was at the age of 29 .
What do you know about Waterworks ? He became happy boy Charlie	"""He did n't care about his friends too much ."
The most interesting feature of the Oxford Dictionary was that showed history word	'it had a complete list of difficult words
Which of the following can be the best title of the passage ? Books Dummies	'Books for Stupid People
Which of the following is not true about the survey ? done senior high schools .	'it was conducted in four countries .
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? Women students travel face objections .	'Men students will travel less during the gap year because of their part - time jobs .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Palmer attempt put solar cars market .	'Palmer dreamed of a solar car when he was a boy .
"By saying "" How will you chase the storm if there 's no storm ? "" the writer means afraid challenges opportunities success"	'we should try our best to find challenges in order to be successful
Which of the following is TURE ? None teachers love mother AIDS .	"""Though Liu Yun 's mother has AIDS "
What do we know about the horse ? He hung head quite sad .	'He got very excited as soon as he met the fox .
Which of the following statements is True ? Fishes watched hotels ' windows .	'The bar in the ice hotel is famous for beer .
The scientist called Sauvin found things Backster	'did not get the same sort of results as Backster did
Which of the following is NOT true ? The schoolbag chair .	'Two dictionaries are in the bookcase .
In addition to having a look at Tucker 's models , visitors can also create Lego buildings .	'have a debate with Tucker
What is the best title for the text ? Disabled surfers ride waves	'Dana Cummings -- a great surfer
A similarity between college freshmen in the UK and China is that get campus , want make sure access Internet	'the approach roads to their colleges are packed with cars filled with nervous families
What can be the best title for the passage ? Family Recognition among Plants	'New Discoveries about Plants
Today we can read in our newspapers about important events took place faraway countries soon happened	'that took place hundreds of years ago
"It is not certain whether people continue like "" cavity pose """	"'why the "" cavity pose "" becomes so popular"
It is implied in the passage that Apple company make profit iPad	'people may download any application from the App Store
Sholes decided the QWERT arrangement of the keyboard in order to solve problem keys jamming	'arrange the letters in alphabetical order
From the text we know that cloning technique may cause unintended bad results human beings	'developed well enough to clone human beings
What are odds and ends ? They various small , valuable things .	'They are the main things that factories produce .
Which statement of the following is NOT true ? The airtight plastic bags currently sold market last long .	'Any insects in the bags will soon use up the air and then die .
The results show that breakfast great effect    work studies	"""breakfast has little to do with a person 's work"
According to the text , we know that Harriet Tubman still worked black people Civil War	'slavery was banned in all the states in America before the Civil War
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? China newspapers magazines .	'Digital books take the place of common ones in China .
Which of the following is the main theme of this passage ? Giving brings happiness .	'The happiness difference .
From the passage , we can know that The writer loves new school first sight .	"""The writer 's new school is the best school ."
The Appalachian Trail ends southeastern state Georgia	'starts in the northern state of Maine
We can conclude from the text that people different views American cities	'American cities are changing for the wars
It is important to preserve the natural resources because they running	'consume the energy for important things
What does the UK do to attract the international students ? Allowing look work spare time UK 2 years .	'Handing out an increase of 26 percent in scholarship funds to Chinese students in recent years .
What do we learn from this text ? People poor one thing good another .	'Aphasics have richer feelings than others .
The writer went back to school because wanted learn something support	"'he found the life as a dropout was very unbearable', ""his parents could n't support him anymore"
Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage ? In Bulgaria , nodding heads means .	'Jan taught English on a Pacific island .
Which is not among the possible reasons for yawning mentioned in the passage ? A way show feel hot .	'A way to get rid of carbon dioxide .
We can learn from the text that Margaret satisfied Kellyanne .	'Kellyanne is a first - aid worker
Which of the following is NOT true ? In daytime pull drapes .	'While washing teeth we should turn off the faucet .
Which of the following is WRONG ? Some laws passed protect wetland .	'We should protect wetland to offer habitats for birds .
The most probable conclusion we can draw after reading the passage is fact Mom suffered process child 's growth	"'the last incident was sad enough to make Mom weep', ""the child 's experience reminded Mom of that of her own"
When the Ugartes got to the fire scene , Cody trapped second floor	'father Alex Ma was saving his son
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Li Lu taken new school bus .	'Going to school by bike .
Which detail does n't show the coincidence in the story ? When Claire headed theater , Joyce went back downstairs .	'They both took interest in nursing .
Where can visitors step into the well - known Victorian Street ? York Castle Museum	'York Minster
The author mentioned the example of high ropes course to prove helped campers feel better illness	"""it was an effective way to cure campers ' illness"
Why did the boss want his daughter to stay with the writer ? Because wanted daughter improve English way	'Because he was too busy to take care of his daughter
Which of the following sentence is Not true ? Tony made lot noise every night .	'Tony was an English expert in environment .
"Why did the author stand in front of the "" Chilkoot Trailhead "" sign for 15 minutes ? Because felt nervous ."	'To wait for Ron and Carol .
What can we know about Charles Dickens from the text ? He described struggles poor London .	'He focused on changing social and economic situation of the countryside .
Researchers from the National University of Singapore believe that climate change effects animals ' size found clearly	"""too many studies on animals ' size have been done"
What is the main idea of this article ? Studying abroad cool though difficulties .	'We may often change school to get used to living in a different country .
After meeting the dog , the team continued race dog	'fed the dog with enough food
Why will the researchers sell the naming rights of the butterfly ? To raise money research .	'To raise money for wildlife protection .
"By "" swallowing hard "" , the writer means that    greatly moved Meghan 's unexpected decision"	'she was deeply puzzled by what the little girl did
The young man ----- n't see elephant	'is not interested in elephants
What happened one morning during their adventure ? A polar bear attack tent .	'A polar bear was killed by them .
What does the passage mainly talk about ? How different cultures look rats .	'A trend of keeping rats as pets .
What can we infer from the passage ? Laughing make others free stress .	"'People tend to laugh at others rather than themselves .', ""People ca n't avoid offending others with gallows humor ."
Which of the following is not true ? Nobody orbited earth besides Glenn .	'There are now about 70 tracking stations in the United States .
From the passage we can know that Yao Ming work hard team	'made the highest score in his first NBA game
Which is TRUE from the passage ? Stanford believed four horse 's hooves ground time .	'The word 
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Hollywood edge destruction	"'Hollywood will survive financial crisis', ""It 's hard to increase the profits of the studios"
Which of the following eye movement shows a dishonest speaker ? If looks right .	'If he looks up and to the left .
What can we learn about The Evergreen State College ? It attaches great value students ' different kinds knowledge .	'It only provides examination scores for students .
Which of the following is TRUE ? The mother often walks dog dinner .	"""The father does n't like the flowers ."
Which of the following statements is True according to the passage ? The actress plays prize .	'Richard Dreyfuss finally became a composer that he dreamt to be .
What can we learn from the text ? The snow unexpectedly heavy .	'Few people were willing to help out .
Which title do you think is more suitable for this article ? A Craze Online Promotion	"""The Origin of Singles ' Day"
What conclusion could be drawn from the passage ? Being bilingual strengthens brain power .	'Speaking a second language can change your nervous system .
Why did Eddie put a tape recorder in his office ? He discovered music help patients	'He wanted to help patients waiting to see him pass the time easily .
The 11 oil ministers decided to meet on July 3 so that could discussion effects Iraq 's temporary oil stop	'they could persuade Iraq to continue oil production
What does the passage tell us ? Sleeping positions show people 's secret personalities ,	'Sleeping on you side is the best way of sleeping .
What did the writer think of Ting in the beginning ? The writer special feelings Ting .	"""The writer did n't like Ting ."
We can learn from the passage that writer greeted expected	'boys were usually unfriendly to new students
The researchers would agree that would better mothers children home	'mothers should keep a balance between work and family life
What 's the best title for the passage ? A little boy makes big difference others	'How to be a winner of the Family Heroes Awards
What do you think of Benjamin C. Bradlee ? He brought The Washington Post back life .	'He intended to buy The Washington Post .
Which of the following may offer the best service based on their standard ? Sheraton Denarau Villas	"""Shangri - La 's Fijian Resort&Spa"
We can conclude form Samsung 's statements that app connection makes life easier	'it is better to dry clothes in the morning
"According to the passage , "" tea cosy "" houses are better at saving heat energy efficiency"	'producing solar energy at home
Why is there an accelerometer in the Blink/ Steady Bike Light ? To tell bike moving .	'To protect the bike against water .
"Liu Qiyuan quit his job and built his "" ark "" because wanted make preparations destructive natural disasters"	'he believed that the world was going to end on Dec. 21 
From the text , we know water can carry poisons waste bodies	'energy and fibre in our bodies
Which of the following best describes the usage of the smartphone operating systems in Egypt ? Symbian > Android > Windows Mobile > iOS	'Windows Mobile > iOS > Symbian > Android
What 's the best title of the passage ? To brave new girl .	'To be brave .
From the passage we know wife 's decision crisis    contributed husband 's wellness	'hearing that the husband was not going to make it 
Which of the following is TRUE according to the reading ? The writer usually goes bed around midnight .	"""Many American students do n't get enough sleep "
What David New said implies that children always find new way change uniform	"'teachers should focus more on their work than on uniform', ""trousers by Miss Sexy were banned because they 're too short"
Which of the following is TRUE ? The thief thought neighbor could hear bell .	'The thief understood why he was hit on the nose .
If you want to borrow a book , what should you say ? Excuse , please give book	'Hey 
Which of the following is not true according to the text ? What poor countries need badly high technology .	'Poverty and climate change are closely linked .
What 's the disadvantage by adding all numbers to the contacts list ? We might lose phone numbers accidentally .	"'We may only have the ability to remember 5 numbers .', ""It 's hard to find the number from the contacts list ."
In ancient Greece , the Olympic Games first national event held every four years	'was held by Zeus 
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? Sue goes sailing every weekend .	'Sue always sails very far .
We know from the passage that in the 1800s women began work domestic service	'women mainly worked as servants 
Jane and David 's story is used to show that party - goers usually get hungry parties	'party invitations can be confusing
We can conclude from the article that the researchers think that people true feelings	'smiling helps to put people in a good mood and become more efficient
What 's the question that the INCCH is researching on ? Whether Mona Lisa da Vinci 's self - portrait .	'What da Vinci died of .
"The public started to know something about Jonathan just from work together Fredrik Bjoerck find maker "" Melissa "" virus"	"'his helping the US FBI to find out the sender of the dangerous "" I LOVE YOU "" virus', ""his little sister 's talk about his good qualities as a regular kid and a good programmer"
According to Tamar Gollan , bilingual education always good children	"""knowing two or more languages can improve children 's skills"
What do we know about John Henry ? He competition finally .	'He was buried under the mountain .
We can infer from the passage that perennation widely used farmers Africa	'American government will help African countries increase food production
Jack 's mother told him on the phone about Mr. Belser EXCEPT that Mr. Belser asked Jack 's mailing address	"'Mr. Belser often asked how Jack was doing', ""Mr. Belser 's funeral would take place on Wednesday"
What makes foods go bad if they get too warm according to the text ? The harmful bacteria .	'The water in the food .
What 's the best title of the passage ? Kids also teach parents	'Ways of using new technology
Which of the following is TRUE about the recent research ? 20 % parents thought old classics n't fit modern children .	'Steve Hornsey General Manager of Watch led the research .
To make sure that you can visit the Miami Planetarium on time , you must    pay admission fees advance .	'pay the total admission fees in advance .
During World War II many Southerners went to the Northeast and the Mid - west because wanted work factories	'they wanted to take music with them
What was strange about the author 's schedule ? It n't show Mr. Sultan 's name .	'It was picked up by Mr. Sultan
Which of the following aspects do the surnames in the passage NOT cover ? People 's characters .	"'Places where people lived .', 'Talents that people possessed .', ""People 's occupations ."
Which of the following is TRUE ? Children n't want play animals problems .	'Dogs 
What alternative will mankind have chosen in future ? To leave standard living level work shorter hours .	'To raise our standard of living .
You are most likely to gain too much weight if take calories number use	'you eat the same number of calories as the number you use
The Englishman was angry by the end of the day , but he tried show visitor	'tried to show it to the visitor
Which of the following statements is Not True according to the text ? Kids taught call 911 anything .	'Kids should be taught never to talk to strangers .
A thin book as a gift means book really meant read	'a good book about books
Which would be the best title for this text ? Drink water eat healthy	'Stop children drinking sugary drinks
To learn things quickly , you should good study habits	'study in the living room
According to the passage , why does the ideal diet depend on the individual ? Everyone different psychology .	'The less muscle you have 
Why did the writer let the fish go ? The boat started go water .	'The fish bit people
The writer does n't have any trouble in travelling around the world possibly because good communicating others	'he speaks very good English
Which of the following is NOT one of the six main kinds of tea ? Butter tea .	'Green tea .
What will NWO probably do next in response to the results of this research ? Improve assessment procedures criteria .	'Eliminate possibilities for difference in awarding rates .
What 's behind the tension in Belfast ? Northern Ireland n't belong Republic Ireland	'Northern Ireland plans to break away from Ireland
Which is the key to a happy relationship ? They equal .	'Children should always obey their parents .
China decided to build its own space station because US refused China join ISS	'Chinese scientists wanted to do experiment in space
The passage is written for new students high school	"""new students ' parents"
The writer thinks the secret of happiness is that people often spend time close friends	"'think about getting a good job', ""think of presents they do n't like"
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Dr Chan thinks people music training young .	"'Dr Chan thinks people should have music training when they grow up .', ""Dr Chan thinks the special part of the brain does n't need developing ."
Why was red chosen as the original color of the bindi ? Red supposed bring good luck married couple .	'The red dot represented the blood of God .
When manufactures have improved the performance of their products to a certain level , then it would be difficult costly better	'unnecessary for them to make any new changes
Which of the following statements is true ? AMNH famous exhibitions human evolution .	'NYHS entertains and educates children about science and art .
44 . Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ? Tim Dom going San Francisco rowboat money buy airplane tickets .	'Some people on the fishing ship saved them .
KTD 's music is popular among teenagers mainly because mixes many music styles teenagers love music	'all the band members are young and handsome
What can we learn from the passage ? The girl n't accompany old man died .	"'The doctor told the old man the truth .', ""The old man 's children were wealthy ."
Which of the following is true ? If go countryside Australia , see large number whit sheep .	'Australia is famous for its sheep 
"What 's the meaning of "" I follow my diet at lunchtime . But this is my dinner "" ? She followed diet lunchtime , n't follow diet dinner ."	"""She did n't follow the diet ."
According to the text , teenagers may experience huge mental change	"""can fully understand their parents ' feelings"
The writer realized that told truth agent earlier	'he should buy the policy
John 's mother decided to move to Chicago because John needed education badly	'his father died when John was very young
In the passage , the author suggests that invitation cards should be sent three four days party date cultures	'three or four days before the party date in all cultures
What can we infer from the passage ? The battles early settlers Native Americans resulted fighting land .	'People from different cultures can never really get along well with each other .
What happened to the donkey at last ? The donkey driven back field .	"""The donkey jumped onto the man 's knees ."
What do we learn about the National Arboretum according to the passage ? It surprising attractive .	'It lies to the northeast part of Washington 
What do we know about the garage sale ? Garage sales popular Americans .	'The goods on display are totally useless .
Which is the best title of the passage ? Keeping safe playing sports winter .	'playing sports is fun .
What do the students do at the Met School ? Almost half time , learn real - life skills .	'They spend all their school time playing .
What puzzled the grandson most was whether useful read books	'why he forgot what he read soon
Mrs Brown is very sad because . neighbor 's ducks eat vegetables	'her neighbor is playing in her garden
According to the text , which of the following is TRUE ? The launching Chang'e 1 became third milestone China 's space achievements .	"""China sent its first satellite into the Moon 's orbit in 1970 ."
Which of the following is true ? Careful timing needed turn rope .	'A rope must be turned as slowly as possible .
Why do large numbers of foreign students decide to come to China to study every year ? To experience life learn Chinese .	'To learn different dialects in China .
They did n't know it was the wrong car until they looked at number car	'the colour of the car
What 's the passage mainly about ? Robert Frost 's life poetry .	"""Robert Frost 's unhappy childhood ."
Which of the following is the best title for the passage ? What teaches China ?	'How do you make friends in China ?
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? A female boxer ---- Laila Ali	'Ali / Frazie ---- Generation II
Which of the following is right ? Jun 's mother n't stop noise .	"""Jim 's grandfather makes the drum ."
"What does the boss mean when he said "" And to roll down two flights of stairs took you a whole hour ? "" ? He wanted know reason Johnson 's late work ."	'He was glad that Johnson was late for work .
Which of the following can be the best title for the text ? A Simple - minded Monkey	'An Angry King
Changing schools helped author stronger open towards meeting new people	"""made it harder for the author to go into new people 's group"
Allen spoke mainly to get his point across that The long - time attraction ought make way future attraction	'the Bears will be missed
What can we learn from the passage ? We careful DIY .	'DIY is a waste of money .
Which of the following about hanfu   is mentioned in the text ? Men 's hanfu shorter women 's .	"""People did n't wear it until the Ming Dynasty ."
From the passage we know the buyer pays more attention to container attractive picture	'the size of a container
The passage mainly talks about fight overweight	'one of the biggest health problems 
We can learn from the survey mentioned in Para.3 that Kids watching highquality programs fewer problems	"""Children do n't like being disturbed while watching TV"
What can we know about Charles Dickens from the text ? He wrote struggles poor London ?	'He focused on changing social and economic situation of the countryside
What is mainly discussed in the passage ? Art market decline .	'Up - to - date art auctions .
What is the purpose of the passage ? To help us know bad friends get rid .	'To tell us finding a friend is not an easy job for everyone .
Which of the following is true about Endeav our according to the passage ? Endeavour carried lot equipment apace station	'Endeavour is part of the space station
Between British and American English , differences many ways	'the greatest difference is in spelling
In the 1970s and 1980s , many young elephants gaining less wisdom	'scientists learned little about elephants
Who will make good impressions on the boss ? Employees deal crisis quickly effectively .	'Employees who often make mistakes .
Which of the following appeared last ? Peanuts 2000	"""It 's a Dog 's Life "
What 's the best tide for this passage ? Should Internet censored ?	'How to help children make use of the Internet ?
Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage ? Global warming increase chances droughts floods .	'Greenhouse gases have been proven to harm merely the Earth .
What might be the best title for this passage ? Ways Raise Money Charity	'How to Wash a Car
What will the writer most probably talk about next ? The details two well - established personality tests .	'The differences between personality tests and career tests .
We may infer from the passage that author describes case	'the author is for economic growth
Which of the following is true about Helga ? She invented special machine car drivers .	'She saw a car hit a train in her town .
What did Pip regularly do at Miss Havisham 's home ? He pushed Miss Havisham wheel chair .	"'He placed the garden chair on the broad landing .', ""He walked with Estella 's hand upon his shoulder ."
Which of the following is TRUE about the HI hostels ? You enjoy high quality services cheapest possible price .	'Accommodation discounts for members are not available at every HI hostel .
What can we learn from the text ? Elephants also face risk killed Thailand .	'Elephants are protected very well in Thailand .
What is not the reason to save water ? Agriculture needs water .	'The water resources are limited .
Which of the following affects the ABT test result most for energy drink consumers ? The time test taken .	'The age of the person who takes the test .
Why does the author want to go to Italy again ? He great time .	'Italy has a lot of attractions .
What is the best title of the passage ? University New Style .	"""China 's Education Reform ."
Workers from the pet care resort read stories to pets in order to meet psychological needs pets	'provide pets with good equipment
Scientists have found that BMD loss may cause change astronauts ' bodies	"'the BMD loss may cause serious illness to astronauts', ""astronauts should n't care about the BMD loss"
What is the main purpose of the author writing the text ? To advise readers use Lettrs .	'To tell readers how to write letters .
Shanghai 's car rental industry is growing so fast mainly due to increasing number white - collar employees	'better cars supplied by producers
In one special programme in New York State , young and older people friendly one another .	"""do n't work well together ."
"The scientific way of saying "" The stars are shining tonight "" should be stars shining long ago seen tonight"	'the stars have been shining all the time
From what Arihant Jain says , we can infer that . Arihant Jain girl n't want go school	"'Arihant Jain wants to learn to cook at home', ""Arihant Jain does n't want to go shopping at all"
According to the writer , which of the following is not true ? Before accident happened sign something wrong	'There was at least one more similar accident happening in Central China before
How long do kids aged 2 to 18 spend reading ? 44 minutes .	'46 minutes .
The main idea of this passage is that stricter traffic laws prevent accidents .	'thousands of people the world over are killed each year .
In the book China Is Not Happy , the authors express their dissatisfaction with China 's position international stage world today	'the influence of Western countries on China .
What is the aim of Adam 's course ? To show students problems real marriage life .	'To tell students how to find a good partner .
Some people think the railways are unnecessary for many reasons except that oil expensive today	'planes and motorcars have taken the place of trains
The writer 's purpose of writing this passage is to announce news Sansha city established	'introduce the Sansha city
Compared with the past , nowadays many women prefer driving license	'have more accidents while driving
The main idea of the passage is that kinds museums	'old cars and airplanes are kept in museums
What is special about forest kindergartens ? They value activity much .	'Kids learn more than those at ordinary kindergartens .
According to Verity , a knowledge of colour can help you to sell products	"""change people 's lifestyle"
In China , what 's the test order ? Listening , reading , writing , speaking .	'Reading 
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Children eat healthy foods .	"""Children should n't eat sweet food ."
According to the American architect , they could build St Paul 's Cathedral in three days	'one day
From passage we know the teacher good encouraging students	'was quite strict with her students
If Lisa wants to learn more about an outing in Oregon , she may visit www.aadfv.blogspot.com .	'www . Seasideor.com .
What can we infer from the passage ? People much shaped treated parents .	"'Favoritism is not beneficial to the development of children', ""Parents ' favoritism to a certain child ca n't be avoided in families ."
What can we learn from the passage ? Beauty right waiting .	'East or west 
Which of the following is most likely to be the title of the passage ? Who shot Bin Laden ?	'What do the SEALS do ?
What does the passage mainly tell us ? How face problems teenager .	'How to cooperate with teenagers .
If Mike is a tactile learner , what can he do to learn better ? Learn spelling finger .	'Explain pictures .
What can we learn from the text ? The traditional customers Apple 's products usually young .	"""People above thirty are Apple 's largest customer group in Japan ."
The passage mainly talks about music schools children music gift	'education and development about children
The main purpose of the passage is inform readers Polly Pocket toys recall	'to criticize Mattel Inc. for their bad products
Which of the following is TRUE about the book ? The character Max brave enough story .	'Max was sent to the forest as punishment .
How do the retailers understand Black Friday ? It probably brings money .	'It is totally different from Boxing Day .
From the text we can infer the FreedomRide is a safety belt	'car seat
Which of the following statements is NOT correct ? Nowadays everyone thinks 's right make noise .	"""British law protects people from their neighbors ' music at night ."
The best title for the passage can be How Jeans Comes Out And Spreads	'Levi Strauss 
April Fools ' Day is different from other festivals probably because jokes played day	'people are relaxed on this day
We can conclude from the passage that distracted eating may damage health	'eating snacks will make you feel full
Visitors coming to enjoy the Mattaponi powwow and culture day can do all the following EXCEPT get crafts souvenirs free	'enjoy American Indian foods
According to the researchers , parents keep eye kids watch TV	'getting preschoolers away from TV is difficult
The author intends to tell us world 's best places beach walks	'the wonderful beaches in the world
What do we know about Protagoras ? He probably first teacher accept money lessons .	"""He won the judges ' favor in the end and got his money ."
According to the passage , which information is right ? The Cavendish banana makes one tenth world production .	'The Cavendish banana can mainly be imported from North America and Europe .
The best title for the story is The True Winner	'A Proud Father
What is the purpose of the writing ? To nominate Lynn Jenkins Heart Green Local Hero .	'To call on readers to protect the environment and live green .
We can learn from the passages that flooding , sandbags made used build walls	'nobody tried to help the local people
What does the pilot think of the airplane food ? Airplane food delicious lobster .	'Airplane food is more delicious than lobster .
It is implied in the passage that air quality comparatively better South China	'coal is no longer used for heating in North China
Restaurants began to charge for tap water to collect money without access safe water	'urge customers to save water
Some big ships did n't go inside the shelters because safer outside	"""they were out at sea and they were n't fast enough to reach the shelters when Typhoon Rose came"
We can learn from the passage that Einstein gradually loved mathematics uncle 's help .	'Einstein became a mathematics teacher after graduation
What can we know about the glaciers according to the passage ? Glaciers sometimes float water .	'Glaciers only lie in Greenland .
It could be inferred from the text that Bridgestone and Verizon good way celebrate Earth Day	'are devoted to making money on Earth Day
Beautiful Me is a program that helps girls feel good	'tries to make girls look more beautiful
Which of the sentences below is NOT true ? The whale breathe sea like fish .	'The whale can swim in the sea like a fish .
From the passage we can learn that read need n't look every new word dictionary	'the great thing about reading is that you can read without any effort
Mr Smith put a monkey and some boxes in a room because he wanted to know long would take monkey find food	'how much food monkey could find
According to the passage , we know that students should know love animals people	'learn how to be a good basketball player
By giving the example of dinosaurs , the author tries to prove Earth could hit objects space	'what happened 65 million years ago was an invented story
What , in Mo Yan 's opinion , contributes most to his winning the 2012 Nobel Prize for literature ? translation	'diversity in global cultures
It can be inferred from the text that researchers need enough time so1ve koala problems	'a national plan for saving koalas will be made soon in Australia
What is the best title for the passage ? Chinese Pilots Told Get Rid Regional Accents .	'Chinese Pilots .
Which of the following is true according to the passage ? Depression brings great problems sufferers life work	'It is widely believed that everyone may suffer from depression .
For those who do not take breakfast , the good news is that omission breakfast little effect one 's work	'grown - ups have especially made studies in this field
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? A new concrete bridge could last 50 years ordinary concrete one .	"'Ten new concrete bridges have already been built in the United States .', ""People did n't know how to build with cement until the late 1800s ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE about the old man ? He idea great effect author .	'He was often seen selling flowers on the streets .
Which of the following statements is probably TRUE ? Bob could also sport star .	'Bob was always ignored by his parents
Which of the following would be the best title of the passage ? Girls Get Best Gap Years	'Boys Lack Courage in Gap Years
What does Mr. Green have for supper that night ? A tin fish , tomatoes peas .	'A tin of fish 
Which 's not true ? He wearing pair glasses .	"""He runs after the old woman 's cat ."
"It can be inferred that little possibility "" @ "" name officially accepted"	"""Li Yuming is in favor of the baby 's name"
The goat - herder was chosen to do the job because easier transport goats	'goats can do the job better than the sheep
Which of the following could be the worst result if Greece defaulted on its debts ? Greece might leave eurozone .	'The International Monetary Fund would cancel the debt of Greece .
The passage mainly talks about enjoy staying Hawaii	'the high cost of living in Hawaii
It takes you about one and a half hours look around city Bathon foot	'to get to the Jane Austen Centre in Gay Street
Amanda most probably learned how to umpire a baseball game watching playing games	'in an umpire training school
Have a physical checkup before taking the hot yoga class even n't health problems	"""if you ca n't bear high temperature"
Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage ? Deep Impact fantastic success scientist regretted losing spaceship .	"'The name of the space mission is called Deep Impact .', ""The crash did n't have much effect on Tempel 1 ."
Which is probably the best title of the passage ? Self - esteem Body Image	"'Importance of Body Image', ""Effects on a Person 's Self - esteem"
Which of the following is right according to the passage ? The Guinness Book Records started year 1954 .	'Newport started the Guinness Book of Records in Britain .
A great deal of foreign capital has come to Chinabecause China 's reform bring great benefit foreign investors	'the foreign investors have too much money
We should gradually increase the complexity when doing crossword puzzles because make brain face different challenges	"""if we do n't use our brain "
What would be the best title for the passage ? Nature   Attitude .	'Differences of Attitudes .
Which is True according to the passage ? Michael n't know picked ticket .	'Derek helped Michael look for the ticket .
From the passage , we can conclude that twenty years ago , girls averaged less 25 married	'all the perfect marriages result from good backgrounds
Which of the following commands helps kids to be safe ? Fasten seat belt .	"""Do n't play by the lake ."
It can be inferred from the passage that old man auctioneer good friends	"""no art collectors wanted to buy Mr. Cooper 's collection of art"
.   Why is the inventor of the World Wide Web mentioned ? In support idea Britain nation creative original people .	'To inform readers about some well - known British inventors .
What is the text mainly about ? The harm using red color1 grading students ' papers .	'How a child sees his test result .
According to the text we can know protective layer effective stopping teeth injury	'mouth guards are used at any time
When we make any mistake next time , we should do the followings except Be careful anything .	'Think about the reason why we make the mistake .
What would be the best title for text ? A brother like	"'A Christmas present', ""A boy 's crippled brother"
Why do people think ballet comes from France ? Because ballet steps named French .	'Because Frenchmen introduced ballet to Italy .
Which of the following is NOT proper    for joining in a dinner party ? Get 15 minutes earlier .	'Follow others to use forks and knives .
The number of right whales has fallen faster humpback whales	'more slowly than that of humpback whales
Why do people choose online education ? They save money arrange time courses freely .	'They can get qualifications from US Department of Education .
The purpose of the Homeless World Cup is to help homeless start new life	'find a home for homeless people
Which of the following statements is true ? Usually ponds last much longer puddles .	'Usually the water in a river flows into a pond .
Why is Bob Burton right ? Because three four better six seven .	'Because he can help to solve crime .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? It useful pay children extra work around home .	'Children are advised to buy anything they wish to with the allowance .
If you want to keep cancer away , it is particularly important to exercise often possible	'have a daily supplement of vitamins B and C
Which of the following would be the best title ? Mark Twain 's life	"""Mark Twain 's works"
El Nino affects weather	'makes the weather better
What was the difference between the man 's two sons ? One optimist , one pessimist .	'They were born at different time .
What is the passage mainly about ? How plant sunflowers .	'Different kinds of sunflowers .
The title that best expresses the idea of the passage is Myanmar accepts US humanitarian aid officially .	'How to help Myanmar .
"From "" Elite Lessons "" you can learn skill drumming people possess"	'how to teach lessons in French or English
According to the writer , people accept beauty contest China	'Chinese women are not allowed to display beauty
From the poster   , we can know that students make new friends club	'students must    pay to join this club
The virtual fitting room is technology that help people choose clothes without try	'allows people to watch a movie while trying on clothes
Which of the following would be the best title for the text ? Bacteria sense smell	'Bacteria can produce ammonia
"Why is "" Shadow education "" an expanding business ? Because parents want give children best start life ."	'Because parents want to spend their money .
"By "" I had to look further "" , the writer means she had to find reasons talk less"	'look into the future in order to succeed in practicing the power of quiet
We can learn from the passage that Langteau advises young play games within limits	'Langteau advises the young not to play games
All the pyramids along the Nile are on its west bank , because in ancient Egypt people thought end lives like setting sun	'the sun sets in the west
To encourage their children to stay in school , parents should take their children to see Americans All	'A Mother in My Head
What 's the best title for the passage ? Addiction online Game	'Internet Problem
Which of the following is the writer 's attitude toward EQ and IQ ? A high EQ great benefit getting people promoted .	'IQ is more helpful to people than EQ .
What can be inferred from the passage ? NASA started care astronauts ' eyesight .	"'Staying for a long time in space will lead to blindness .', ""Scientists ' research in space will be banned soon ."
According to the passage , which statement is Wrong ? Without special coins , 'll probably forgotten .	'Huck gets away from his father for survival .
To make children frequent readers , parents should set good example children .	'improve their reading skills .
According to the passage , the woman bought the biscuits wanted kill time	'Because the biscuits were on sale .
Which of the following is the best title of the passage ? Your Personality Depends Lot How You Sleep Night	"""A Good Night 's Sleep Sets You Up for the Following Day"
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? If write good English composition , speak English well .	'We can speak English fluently by doing more speaking .
What would be the best title for the passage ? How Mend Troubled Friendship	'Easy Ways to Make Friends
People used to think that the rubbish thrown into the sea would n't much harm sea	"""would n't harm the fish in the sea"
What is special about Pioneer 10 ? It map space .	'It brings aliens to Earth .
According to the Canadian study , which children had increased IQ scores ? Those studied music period time .	'Those who had always played music .
The best headline for this article would be A Customer Pays His Bill	"""An Old Jeweler 's Shop"
Grant did n't sell the letter at a good price because cleaned	'it was not an old letter
Why did the employer refuse Mister Smith 's idea ? The idea would harm customers .	'The idea would cost her much money .
From this article , we can say On WeChat , talk Chinese people Australia .	'Everyone uses his real name on WeChat
This passage is mainly about original present meaning tipping	'different kinds of tipping in different countries
What made the author interested as well as confused ? Customers ' paying coffee put wall .	"""The waiter 's making normal gestures ."
The first three sentences are written to tell the reader importance laundry properly	'the possibility to make money by doing laundry
What can we infer about the monkeys in Sarah 's study ? The monkeys may show satisfaction equal treatment .	'The monkeys can be trained to develop social senses .
What is the purpose of writing this text ? To tell people save energy .	'Advertise the Energy - efficient doors and windows .
The inspector waved his arms try best keep steady	"""to extend a warm greeting to Glenn 's mother"
What is the main idea of the passage ? We learn much research moon .	'There may be human beings on the moon .
The writer thinks that a good reader can change reading speeds needs	'read at 1
We can infer from the passage that female college graduates benefited governmental measures ensure income growth .	'female college graduates have higher income than male ones .
Which of the following sentences is true ? Henry thought could enjoy change .	"'Ed could eat a different kind of meat every day .', ""Henry could n't think of anything else to do "
How is the company LG working to improve people 's everyday life ? By high technology .	'By encouraging people to live a low carbon life .
How many people were in the museum during the robbery ? Not many . It almost empty .	'A lot . The museum was crowded .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The Global Cellular Rental American company .	'Discount packages need to be applied in advance .
"Which of the following about "" Texting pedestrians "" is WRONG ? People phone walking ."	'People who type while walking .
We need to get a flu vaccine every year because flu virus changes every years	'we probably have a cold in winter
For Christians the more important thing to do on Easter is going church celebrate Jesus ' resurrection	'buying new clothes
The passage tells us that Valkyrieis movie plan assassinate Hitler	'a chapter in a German history book
The story of two babies switched mainly indicates that blacks ' social position shaped brought	"'slaves were forced to give up their babies to their masters', ""slaves ' babies could pick up slave - holders ' way of speaking"
"If you are not so happy , you may feel that "" break heart """	"'you "" have a heart of stone """
The passage mainly tells us that scientists found people 's skin color1 determined gene	'people can not change their skin color1 without any pain
According to the passage , why do the girls in Japan always receive dolls on Girl 's Day ? Because parents want daughters healthy .	"'Because girls themselves want dolls .', ""Because doll factories want to send dolls to girls to celebrate Girl 's Day ."
Language teachers find it useful because tell two words meaning appears often	'there are a lot of words on Googlefight
Which one is true according to the passage ? They n't study , travel group	'Dolphins swim together in a school because they want to study
What is the main idea of the passage ? Enough vitamins vital keep healthy .	'There are thirteen kinds of vitamins in total .
Which is the best title for the passage ? Helping Your Child Read Write	'How to Read and Write
According to the passage , which of the following statements is guiding you to be a genius ? Find something good even bad situations .	'Place lots of bets with your friends .
The young man looked at the elephant slowly because he n't see elephant	'liked elephant
Why are people afraid of killer bees ? Because sting attack groups .	'Because they sting Brazilian bees .
"What does the "" must have "" phenomenon refer to based on the passage ? That children must children ."	'That children must have proper pressure to work hard .
What can we infer about Stephen King 's bookCarrie ? Some main characters working class .	'It was his most difficult book to write .
The author wrote this article to introduce successful band teenagers	'show the kind of music teenagers love
Why will Dr. Manson carry out the four - year study ? To carry experiment	'To test how much flavones can improve our memory .
What 's the best title of the passage ? A Real Surprise	'A Talk on QQ
. After reading Paragraph 3 , we can know take measures save water	'people will be short of supplies of vegetables
Which of the following statements is true according to the text ? It farmer shot crocodile .	'A crocodile attacked him when the boy and his mother were swimming .
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Benefits Patience	'We All Need Patience
What can we infer from the passage ? The app enjoy great popularity future .	"""The loss of children wo n't be a nightmare for parents any more ."
Parents are strongly advised not to live locally while their child is in school because staying disturbs child 's studies	'their child is too excited to be reunited with parents
Why is the author skeptical of the data revolution ? Data always imagine .	'Data may not be easily accessible .
What would be the best title for this passage ? The First African - American President	"""America 's New Role Model"
"By saying that""an American is not free to choose the costume of a Chinese peasant or that of a Hindu prince"",the writer means choice statuses limited"	'different people have different styles of clothes
We can infer from the passage that finding new energy sources like wave energy important	'wave energy is a resource that will never run out and is used all over the world
What can you conclude from the passage ? A composition con test held spaceship launched	"""All the students look forward to China ' s later space program"
Which of the following is true ? Some people spread fake information purpose .	'A micro blog can provide real - time updates from anyone .
Grammarphobes refer to people who afraid making grammar mistakes	'consider grammar to be boring
Which of the following is true ? You call host next day write letter thanks	'The hosts like the people who sit closer to them .
Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ? The Internet develops new words well new meanings old words .	"""Spelling mistakes are not allowed in today 's e - mails ."
What did the US researchers find from the result of the new study ? People nearly picking colors different music .	'There are colors that do not match any music .
The writer and Mary did n't know owned Zip 's first present	"""what Zip 's first present was"
According to the passage , PSE is a group young Cambodians troubled lives	'that works with Cambodian students
What 's the best title of this passage ? How Improve Our Memory	'How to Use Memory Tools
"What 's the main idea of this passage ? A new agreement aims develop "" zero - tolerance attitude "" towards poaching ."	'The illegal ivory trade has been a major problem in Africa .
Why was it hard to look for signs of intelligent life in the universe in the past ? There powerful telescopes .	"'There were not any smaller planets .', ""The Milky Way did n't exist at that time "
The passage is mainly about All   .	'how and where the instant noodles were invented
According to the text , the most practical way to clear off snow is to encourage people clear snow hands	'use snow - melting agent as much as possible
What is the main idea of the passage ? Waitresses wear red get tips would wearing colors .	'People tip differently if waitresses wear different make - up .
How do these ways do good to our environment ? They produce less greenhouse gases result .	'They all help reduce the use of energy like electricity .
Which is the best title for the passage ? New Laws Stop Air Pollution .	'Air Pollution in Britain in the Past .
A school in Ealing , West London is looking for teacher excellent knowledge Health & Social Care	'a full - time science teacher
What will the following part of this passage talk about ? Suggestions reducing harm plastic bags .	'Disadvantages of using too many plastic bags .
What problem did the researchers find with parents ? Parents n't pay much attention kids ' game -- playing habits .	"""Parents care too much about kids ' schoolwork ."
What is special about the program ? Children learn enjoy watching .	'It makes children feel able to learn .
We can infer from the passage that everyone today Shanghai aware water shortage	'citizens today in Shanghai drink the best quality of water in the world
Which of the following statements is n't mentioned in the text ? The inventor decided develop new market US .	'Many buyers are satisfied with the body - shaped pillow .
In order to make children become interested in reading , what should parents do ? Choose books based interest .	'Tell them what they can learn from these books .
From the passage we know that games long history .	'people began to play sports about one hundred years ago
According to the author , future hitchhikers are more likely to    visit websites find people share cars	'stand by roads with their thumbs sticking out
"What is the first thing you should do if a fire starts in your home ? Call""Fire""to warn family members ."	'Call the fire department
What 's the main idea of the passage ? Brian Resource Centre teaches disabled skills support .	'Joseph Shiroko started a new school four years ago .
Why is there so much violence shown in movies , TV and video games ? Showing violence thought entertaining .	"""Something has gone wrong with today 's society"
The best way to build respect with others is listen speaker attentively	'to look directly at the person speaking
What can we learn from the passage ? The rickshaw still part public transport Kolkata .	'The rickshaws in Kolkata have loud horns .
The passage mainly focuses on     . deal moral dilemmas	'what the American values really are
We can infer from the passage overall quality people 's lives improved greatly 20th century	'nowadays the emphasis of health has a broader focus because of improvements in the quality of food
Why did the author write the passage ? To introduce Angkor Wat	'To advise on the protection of Angkor Wat .
What can we learn from the passage ? Audrey lived America 1950s .	"""Audrey 's parents were both British ."
After 12 months into the study , C - reactive proteins reduced 66 percent Group L	'C - reactive proteins increase 66 percent in Group C
What is the best title for the text ? Violence aging children 's DNA	"""Children 's changing DNA patterns"
What is the author 's purpose in writing the passage ? To advise readers miss good book .	'To tell readers different opinions on the book .
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? Mr. White often trouble near sight .	'Mr. White wears a pair of glasses .
Why does the writer think the finish line is the most fitting ? Because considers victory disease finish race .	'Because running a marathon is the most suitable sport for him .
Why did Russia have so many fires in one month in 2010 ? Because unusually hot , dry windy .	'Because lightening spread the fire .
We can know from the passage that Mr Obama attend important conference Seoul	'will stay in Indonesia for four days
The example of a woman talking on the phone all the way supports the idea that cell phones affecting real - world communication	'women use cell phones more often than men
When we look at an object , brain puts two different pictures together	'each eye sees the object at the same angle
According to the passage , Zimmerman    turned authorities . , charged	'shot Martin in self - defense when spotting him
From the passage , we know that Ian Angell believed      . Latitude privacy problems would come	'Latitude keeps husbands and wives in good relationship
Which of the following statements is supported by the passage ? He thought brother would inspire forever .	"""It was a great shock to the writer that his disabled brother died in his mother 's arms ."
The passage mainly tells us Luo Yang devoted whole life country 's aircraft industry	'how Luo Yang became a general manager
We can learn from the passage that Mary loved father deeply .	"'In fact ', ' Mary really drew very well .', ""Mary 's mother could draw well too ."
Which would be the best title for the passage ? The Long Way Home .	'A Cycling Companion .
What 's the best title for the text ? Boys Their Friendship	'Friendships between Boys and Girls
We can learn from the last part of the ant philosophy that we should whatever future	'never stop gathering food in the summer
Turkle 's new book mainly discussed technology influences human relationships	'the dangers of accepting emotional connections
. From the text we learn that bats use reflected sound fly get food	"'reflected sound is useful only to blind people', ""people have n't made use of reflected sound yet"
What can we infer from the text ? We get rid bad habits try healthier .	'Our parents think highly of the eating habits mentioned in the text .
"From the sentence "" I was not a natural - born runner "" , we learn that the writer n't good running"	"""did n't like running"
When being eaten by an insect , the plant will give nice chemicals attract friendly insects killing pest	'change its chemistry to kill the insect
The new satellite is used to observe space weather	'replace the satellite in use
What do we know about a peregrine falcon ? It enemy pigeons .	'It scares the robotic birds .
"The "" Neighborhood Watch "" scheme in Mollington started others country"	'because the police could not protect people
How is Jane King 's new house ? A , B C OK	'The house is big
What will a child interested in plants probably visit ? The Providence Children 's Museum .	'The Kayak Centre of Rhode Island .
What are the reasons for farmers to keep cats ? Helping reduce amount pests .	'Not letting cats eat food .
It is implied in the passage that mother 's educational method great influence child 's growing	'we should always try to win competitions which can bring us a lot
"The saying "" If you want a friend , be one . "" means ""   make friends things friend"	'if you want to make friends with others 
What is the passage mainly about ? The helplessness purchasing decisions .	"'The variety of choices in modern society .', ""The opinions on people 's right in different countries ."
The Prime Minister died because fell horse	'Effendi killed him
Milk can be used instead of cell - culture medium to put a knocked - out tooth in because     . cell - culture medium usually handy	'milk works better to keep the tooth healthy
Which of the following about the girl from Maryland is NOT true ? Her discovery great help Chinese medicine .	'The scholarship she received was half as many as Shannon Babb .
Rats have all the following advantages except that fantastic animals	"'they are less expensive to train than dogs', ""they do n't need electricity"
What is the main subject of the passage ? How beat bad mood .	'How to talk bad moods out .
Which of the following is true of Rae Armantrout ? She started poets ' group others .	'She published a poetry textbook .
According to this passage , which of the following is NOT true ? People swim lot rivers country .	"""Sports help to train a person 's character ."
Which of the following is true about Planet English according to the passage ? Planet English makes possible students communicate speakers around world .	'Planet English can support the students who study computer .
The Japanese consider the chrysanthemum as a symbol of the sun because flower nice petals represents symbol perfection	'people like the flower just as they like the sun
Which of the following statement is TRUE according to the passage ? We feel happier active see light bright colors .	'All the machines in a factory are painted orange .
"Confusion arises about what it means to be "" a good parent "" because parents realize perform equally well child 's growth"	"""it is normal to be a successful parent during most stages of a child 's development"
According to the passage , which of the following is true ? Parents ca n't pick children time support action .	'Each school in that area has to open longer or work at weekends .
According to the passage , which of the following is NOT true ? Li Qiujun 's elder brother also one ZhangDaqian 's students .	"""Spring Clouds Amid Autumn Landscape was originally a gift for Li 's 50th birthday ."
Which of the following would be the best title for the passage ? Big Cities Facing Big Disasters	'Big Disasters in the Future
Which of the following is not true ? After dinner , 'd better stay talk friends long time show thanks .	"""You 'd better ring your friend the next day to show your thanks ."
Which of the following statements is TRUE ? After 4:00 p.m.you allowed enter museum .	'The museum is opened all the year around .
Tina buys two red skirts and two pairs   of white socks . She will spend 69yuan	'67 yuan
The money most American firms put in training mainly goes to technological managerial staff	'workers who can operate new equipment
What 's the theory of open education ? The students human beings first , students second .	"'The students should be responsible for what they do .', ""The students ' ideas and feelings are very important ."
What 's the author 's attitude towards the Internet ? If Internet used right way , good us .	'All the information on the Internet is bad for children .
What 's the subject of this passage ? Learning culture .	'Language learning .
What 's the relationship between the Royal Jelly takers ? Madeline Blanca 's daughter Lori 's mother .	"""Lori and Blanca are Madeline 's grandchildren ."
Which of the following statements is true ? None children told truth .	'The writer kept telling lies .
What is implied about happy people ? They try get fear worries .	"""They do n't think life is hard ."
Losers would think that failure bad luck	'success is the result of hard work
What worries Turkle most is that more and more people are affected shallow connections mobile devices	'starting to accept emotional connections in place of virtual connections
"When the writer of Reagan 's biography says "" The world was a vast opportunity for him , "" he really means that Reagan achieved much whole life"	'Reagan could have done much better
Which of the following is TRUE ? The conductor kind writer .	'The writer was lucky to catch the train .
Extra programs are offered hotel , may run	'offered by the bus company
In the end , Mr. Black was sure wife spent money without much care thought	'that his wife had a habit of saving money
Which of the following would be a proper title for the passage ? How Can Small Stamp Be Worth$16,800 ?	'The Birth of the Stamp .
Some countries , like the United Arab Emirates , have to import most of their food because of difficult climates	'long distances
According to Robert Schwartz , students get contact working world high school	"'there is no need for kids to go for higher education in the US', ""education reform should focus on students'performance in exams"
What 's the main idea of this passage ? Air Canada open non - stop flight Beijing Toronto .	'Air Canada will open non - stop flight between China and Canada .
All the following are true EXCEPT that Andaleeb student died	"'Andaleeb was very brave', ""Andaleeb 's parents knew nothing about her plan"
According to the passage , Eli would scream because Eli n't want dresses girl	"'Eli rejected care and love from parents', ""Eli did n't want to wear anything at all"
What did Chengdu do to attract the American travelers ? It introduced 72-hour - visa policy .	"""It built the world ' s largest building ."
Which of the following festivals are celebrated in the same month ? Nowroz Bahai New Year .	'Rosh Hashanah and Shogatsu .
The author felt he should apologize to the man , because he realized something wrong man	'gave the man food much less than others
What 's the best title for this passage ? Teenagers ' TV time may affect diets later	'People should keep away from TV to keep healthy
According to the passage , which of the following is TRUE ? Lang .	'Most songs about spring are written by Italian composers .
What 's the main idea of the programme ? The history culture Chinese food .	'The development of Chinese history .
It is most likely that white fur happens Gribbell Island	'on Princess Royal Island
Why did the customer ask him to sing a song ? Because customer tired listening music .	'Because he was not good at the piano .
Why did the famous teacher use a PS100 at his lesson ? Because wanted make students know value .	'Because he was used to dropping a bill on the floor and stepping on it .
It can be inferred from the text that Nicky may given author many useful suggestions	'it was winter when the author met Nicky
We can have more choices Internet	'on Black Friday
The author describes the travel of Plastic Bag 1 to show seals potential victims plastic bags .	'seals like eating plastic bags around them .
What is the passage mainly about ? How capuchin monkeys help people things .	"""Why capuchin monkeys ' hands are like people 's hands ."
Who Moved My Cheese ? tells us that changes exist life	'we should use books to share our life experiences
All of the following are causes of preterm births except many deaths newborn babies	'Lack of provision of family planning
According to this passage , what causes a tiger to become a man - eater ? When difficult tiger catch animals .	'When there are no porcupine for a tiger to catch .
Kristen felt sad and cried because guests praised sister	"'the guests gave her more coats to carry', ""she did n't look as pretty as Kelly"
What made Amy feel sad when she was staying with her daughter in the hospital ? The cries children pain .	'The tiredness from sewing the cape .
According to the author     n't rich order give	'giving means you will lack money
According to the passage , many people take vitamin supplements to save trouble making healthful diet	'cure lung cancer caused by family history
Which of the following could be the best title of the passage ? The taste good book	'The best way to make kids learn
According to the passage , which of the following statements is FALSE ? Diesel engines mainly used airplanes rockets .	'Rudolf Diesel was a German engineer .
The police discovered that the poachers had killed again through photos poacher 's phone	'one of the forest rangers
The reason why some children are backward in speaking is most probably that mothers respond enough attempts speak	'they are not able to learn language rapidly
What can we learn about Coit Tower ? It part San Francisco 's wonderful skyline .	'The best view is from the north side 
Which statement will Jennifer Lerner agree with ? It 's better angry frightened .	"""Do n't control your anger and it makes you powerful ."
What happened first ? Sailors took tortoises aboard ships .	'Scientists decided to take measures to protect the tortoises .
The trucking company 's lawyer insisted Farmer Joe answer his question believed answer favor	"'because he knew Farmer Joe was not hurt in the accident at all', 'so as to prove that Farmer Joe was a man who could not tell right from wrong', 'because he believed Farmer Joe could not remember what he had said at the scene', ""because he was n't sure whether Farmer Joe was hurt in the accident"
The participant of the research may work private office cubicle	'come from the university of Michigan - Flint
Which of the following models should you choose to listen to the music ? Sony Ericsson 's W800i Sumsung 's SPH - V5400	"""Sumsung 's SPH - V5400 and Nokia 's 6620"
Which of the following is WRONG according to the passage ? There secrets book Duke Zhou Interprets Dreams	'Duke of Zhou Interprets Dreams is a book about dream interpreting .
Daniel Goleman believes that people high EQ may successful life despite extremely intelligent	'one can be just as successful without having a high EQ
According to the passage , what is the main difference between ritual and drama ? Ritual religious purpose drama .	'Ritual uses music whereas drama does not .
According to Airbus , which of the following is not the advantage of A380 compared to Boeing 747 ? Creating less pollution , less weight	'Having more floor space 
According to the passage , a dog will be most interested in familiar humans	'familiar dogs
Which one is the best title ? How good reader .	'How to read quickly .
The destruction of Agadir is an example of faulty building construction	"""an earthquake 's strength"
We can infer from the passage that parents ' attitude towards children 's mistakes affects children 's behavior greatly	"""parents ' excuses for their children 's behavior make no difference to their children"
Which of the following is TRUE about Western bosses ? They pay closer attention market opportunities .	'They stress on workers more than shareholders .
The main idea of the passage is laughter best medicine	'laughter and physical exercises have similar effects .
From the passage , we can learn that writer gets along well son	"""the writer now seldom receives presents on Father 's Day"
John loved Tally so much , because Tally never left times hard .	'Tally brought the doctor to him after the accident .
You are a student of thirteen . If you want to be a volunteer , you can do the following except driving elderly church	'helping put in local libraries
Which of the following is right ? Little Tom makes mistake	'Little Tom is a bad boy .
According to Galbraith , people feel discontented because materialism run wild modern society	'they are in fear of another Great Depression
The boy grew up with the smell of the herbs because often mixed herbs mother	'he liked go play with herbs .
